in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
pt2 some outstanding netball and results due to the hard work & amp ; dedication by each player .
roll on next season ! #
aimhigh # proud # bbgnetball
they are planting evidence suggesting that europe was moslem land to make moslems feel more entitled and the native europeans feel more guilty therefore easier to submit and surrender to islam it psychological warfare
it has to be organic , non - gmo , natural , pesticide free and low calorie .
pebble should have to go through the rigorous permitting process the other seven mid to large size hard rock mines in alaska have had to go through to make sure it protects water and salmon just like those mines have done for decades .
if epa wo n't permit the mine , it should pay alaskans the $ 1 billion a year ( equivalent to about a $ 1,500 a year dividend amount to every alaskan ) in mining and corporate taxes and royalties from state lands that pebble would pay if it were in operation for 30 years .
otherwise , the state lands that were selected are just locked up and producing zero revenue to the state to use for paying for education , medicaid , state troopers , pioneer homes , etc .
thank you for that judgmental and rather nasty comment about a man you have never met .
unlike the conservative hero , donald trump , my son does not discard wives on a whim .
he takes marriage seriously -- his first marriage failed .
neither he nor his first wife just gave up on it , despite your ignorant opinions .
i would not trust you to hold my beer while i save your family from the shitskin hordes i am certainly not going to trust your properly educated empty of independent thought mind to refute what is plainly visible
seniors pay next to nothing in property tax in anchorage .
have fun living in front of your a / c for six months a year .
i bet that 's super cheap .
you should have moved to denali borough .
no taxes period !
and this witch is a college professor at berkeley .
color me so non - shocked white male .
the danger here is that these liberal idiots are indoctrinating young impressionable millennial minds .
for now however , i 'd say to that wretch " good luck getting this past the first amendment and in a scotus challenge . "
stupid fascist neo - nazi tyrants of the modern left .
it is called the joe souki rule .
even if you have a clear conflict of interest , simply state that it is not a conflict and vote anyway .
no problem in the banana republic of hawaii .
he may be looking for a larger mailing list to reach all dead voters .
whee does the spokeswomen mention muslim in her statement ?
is your headline not ' fake news ' ?
what do you think of the movie 40 year old virgin ?
what about the sycophant ?
they spend a lot of time and energy schmoozing with the powers that be under the guise of being a ' team player ' . "
yes " men climbers -- they lack a moral compass , only hang with their own ( or people they can get them ahead ) and never make decisions in the best interest of their organization , only for their own advancement .
pond scum ( in my opinion ) .
the basic idea is the same .
she thinks there is something wrong with gay people .
regardless of what she thinks should happen to those people ( i 'm going to assume she at least thinks they should be sent to re - education facilities ) , she is already a piece of human trash .
i 'm getting extremely sick & tired of watching men beating women !
whether it 's sharia or just worthless a$$ cowardly punks like these .
you do n't hit women !
at some point this is going to have a violent outcome & rebellion by women .
that day ca n't come soon enough !
pack a weapon !
url
i am a cis man who is happily married to a cis woman and we have kids together .
i could n't look more straight if i tried .
😆 i did n't come to recognize and accept being bi until i was in my forties and married with kids ; but i proudly identify as bi because i know that i am attracted to women in everyway and i am attracted to other men physically and sexually .
i also know that if presented with the right person and situation i would be with another man ; providing that it would n't risk losing my wonderful wife and marriage .
i hope this helps you to accept yourself for who you are !
🤗 💓 💙 💜 ❤
people care more about violence against animals then they do children
gets arrested for saying nigger civic nationalism at its finest
@stassi bullshit stassi .
you 're a beautiful woman , humble enough to fight for your friend , funny - which means you … https://t.co/a6ymgxkki4
urban renewal is easy to achieve just ship asians and whites in en masse oh but they will not want to come if ghetto blacks are still there
what a worthless cuck you are .
true mangina with no balls .
hickenlooper .
the leftist who never misses an opportunity to hamper law enforcement and endanger the public .
in new york city a new law is coming that would outlaw the use of the term illegal alien do you think it is consistent with our constitutional right to free speech for any words or phrases to be criminalized
khan can suck the shit off the syphilitic dicks of his moslem pedo brothers uk cops can lick up the mess never rotherham rochdale rape jihad sharia creep islamo facism white genocide christiangenocide never islam 14 words
if i was n't sick i 'd be at the graveyard chillin ' w/ my niggas
what difference does it make to injured and dead , whether the mad violence is wrought by name of totalitarianism or liberty or # democracy ?
the work place pensions advert is pretty bad , anyone seen it ?
man , your the result of an incest , it 's clear , your too much stupid and disabled
bupropion hydrochloride 
 got a script for this today , apparently it does n't have any sexual side effects
the key to successfully integrating immigrants from non western nations is to break up ghettos into individuals and individuals into giblets
birth rates have dropped dramatically around the world .
when your ancestors came to canada , an average woman had 6 kids .
today we are down to 3 kids per average woman in the world .
plus many of those large families in mexico sent their children to the usa .
many of the large african families flee to europe .
see the problem ?
men are diseased url
i think folks forget others may not think like them or live / have lived the same life experience .
which is okay , life is designed that way .
men are trash .
women are trash .
humans are trashing this world .
in the merry days of may , in paris 1968 , the students were thinking of financial issues too !
maybe a general student revolt would force the issue of higher education for all .
i would support a student revolt with those aims .
check out the uosc fb page .
does that look serious to you ?
i do n't need a gf 
 tfw u just fapped
thank ya baby gays ✌ ️ 😉
it 's ok , god will judge the right way and already know your destination so let the bigots flow but they 'll get theirs
" this mother fucker has a " " baby on board " " on his car and he 's fucking speeding in an area that 's super busy "
this dyke wanted to keep arguing sir leave me alone it was a bid at first now you dragging it 😒
lesterp , are you really just richard johnson esq with a new nom de plume ?
there 's the new photo for their brochure !
land of the free -- masons .
if you believe the fable that these individuals came here to give a land , stolen from genocided native americans , to you .
you are truly living in a fantasy land . #
opqanon # qanon url url
< user > you look like jean luc picard had aids didn ’ t die and got raped by a camel shutup
trash like her do n't deserve anything
pt2 some outstanding netball and results due to the hard work & amp ; dedication by each player .
roll on next season ! #
aimhigh # proud # bbgnetball
anal nazi terrorisist idiots fighting all ﻿ just like the moisislem invasion ﻿
sean spicer was completely ill - suited for his job and that made him an easy target .
i 'm happy for him that he 's now out of the circus world of the trump administration , and i wish him well in life .
that aside , this snippet from the article caught my attention : " others show a man dropping to his knee and proposing to his girlfriend in front of the pope . "
and here i thought the most cringe - worthy way to propose was on the jumbotron at a sporting event .
looks like i was wrong .
why should she play a different person when she suck at it .
she is terrible !
she played an asian into a white woman !
she is horrible !
just when i think white " men " ca n't get more pathetic ... this one in particular never ceases to amaze me .
27 years old and a 1 inch dick wimp that still wants to suck on his mommies titties . #
whitedecline # saynotowhiteboys # blackpower # newworldorder # sissy url
the only thing worse than a stupid black person is a stupid white person i am neither black nor stupid
there is child in every one of us even 14y old daughter has one
can you image what a fat incel neckbeard must sould like whilst knocking one out ?
whoever caught him must 've thought someone was having a heart attack .
becky needs to keep tabs on when that prison empties and use it for shelter .
do you think she went to all the trouble of surgery and recovery just to turn on a white boi ?
😂 😂 she did it for the chocolate 🍫 🤴 🏿 url
dad gummit , mah guns can stop anything
oh my fucking god clay i literally had to take off my earbud what 's happening with his it 's getting bad
funny you have not mentioned obama .
if the last 8 years were so great why   was donald trump elected ?
why are the republicans still in control of the house and senate ? ?
there is fault on both sides of the aisle .
let 's pray for solutions not fight over political differences
@malinablue just another pos fake christian con man .
these people are absolute scum .
so if you go to register as a muslim , and the government clerk asks you if jesus christ is the son of god , or if there is no god but allah and mohammed is his prophet what will you say ?
remember that if we deny him before men , he will deny us before his heavenly father .
satan would get my vote before i vote for that man .
he 's incompetent at best and delusional .
no civil war ... we have proud hispanic us citizens in america @blaise gordon
bitch how you like my nigga picture but don ’ t like mine 🤔 🤔 it ’ clearly the same picture of my son
he 's getting man boobs and starting to look like charlie sheen .
ca n't wait till he takes the reins of the broncos .
blue jeans white t shirt
what cleared my skin 
 doxycycline , lots of zinc and carrot juice
this result was predictable by some of us who saw that these projects would be so politicized that rational analysis was impossible .
the time line was simply too long to survive ever changing political influence .
the actual death knell to this concept goes back at least to agia when two of the three producers refused to participate in agia and launched the denali ( more properly described as " denial " ) project .
now calling for an audit ( that ca n't even be started for at least a year ) is typical legislative strategy to do nothing by confusing motion with progress .
this is a story waiting to be written .
when senator collins asked comey , " did you show copies of your memos to anyone outside the department of justice ? "
comey had to answer as he was under oath .
had the question not been asked , comey would have never volunteered that information .
he was a lyin , leaker and would n't want to reveal that to the world .
what a hypocrite going around saying what a terrible thing these leaks are .
after he was caught he claims he had to get it out to " the public square " because of trump 's alleged tapes .
like he was doing the public a favor .
and he also said , he wanted the memo to generate the appointment of a special prosecutor .
again trying to make himself out to be a hero .
you 're just a lyin , leakin , dimwit comey .
lock him and his buddies at the fbi up !
that one guy needs to be deported and the rest get put in a cell .
actually who ’ boyfriend lmfao the way my life set up men hate me more than women 😫 😍
i went to buy some new socks today and a couple of t - shirts .
i can only assume that our govts are corrupted by saudi qatari money and in return have promised to put muslims above every non muslim citizen that the only thing that makes sense which means next ge we have to elect an uncorrupted govt
interesting argument ?
where do you stand on the two issues ( bakery and church ) ?
what funny is that white women marry white men at higher rates than any other race or ethnic group marry their own
was the shooter on ssri 's , by any chance ?
# zumamustfall please mr president , you 've messed up everything what the great leaders in anc did , it is time to call it a day
this is not new !
my great - grandfather helped my grand - parents buy a house in toronto in 1917 .
my grand - parents helped my parents buy a house in 1950 .
my parents helped me and my siblings buy houses in the 1970 's & 80 's .
we helped our kids buy houses in the 2010 's .
we all paid back the loans and continue to celebrate family events together .
tell us something new !
to quote war games for america : 

 " the only way to win is not to play . "
get out of the basement you fucking incel loser
korean idols are perfectly handsome , cute , funny , stylish , hot , know how to dance , have a wonderful voices .
< user > < user > you had no choice hilly baby you needed him more than he needed you the only thing hillbilly bill needed a woman for was between her legs and you never
navajo census 2020 complete count commission starts strategizing to ensure every navajo citizen is counted url url
wait , so one tranny requires a they pronoun ?
one man or woman , he or she .
multiple men , women , or tranny = they .
more rules to follow but i think i 've got it .
< user > liberal retards go eat more tide pods lmao you have reached your pinnacle of absurdity and derangement yet
it should cause concern when 30 million spent and still a loss .
lets see how msm misconstrues the dnc no win .
russia must have been involved !
kitty 's biggest mess
" diversity " is just   a code - word for anti - white , especially anti - white male .
nobody ever says the nba or nfl are not " diverse enough " or have too many blacks .
why does canada take in an absurdly high 300,000 immigrants a year ? ? ! !
that is a ridiculously high figure .
we should be taking in a maximum of 50 - 60,000 tops .
and why so many from the third world ?
easy votes for the liberal party perhaps ?
niggers gon na nig
" nice people this communists - not . "
sarcasm is sarcasm when you have to point it out   - not .
i 'm a parent as well and if i would want to know if my child joined any gsa or any other activity in school .
and if i were catholic i would expect a faith based schooling .
while i am a straight guy and am therefore attracted to women , it 's not a gender thing .
i just want to feel loved and wanted .
does n't matter what gender or sexuality i am , everyone wants this .
my life is fucking crazy and always on the run ! & #
128576 ; — feeling crazy
well a militaristic state is what the kikes would want thought it would happen under ol barry but now not so much with trump unless the niggers continue to riot antifa faggots protesting attacking and so on
no problem , as a surprisingly light skinned mixed person i have a soft spot for others like me since i did n't see anyone who was mixed and as light as me until i was a teenager .
one of my friends just had a daughter with a complexion close to mine , they say they would have been shocked by her skin tone if they had n't known me and joke and say she 's my mini - me .
mr. trudeau should set up a harper foundation for 125 million , as did the liberal for trudeau .
interesting .
thank you .
< user > soobhyuck superior gay < number > liners 💅
as i understand this goat rope with the new lio in anchorage the costs were roughly $ 675,000 per year before the move to the new lio .
that 's $ 13.5 million for 20 years although those costs could have increased over the next 20 years .
what i can not understand is why it would cost almost $ 30 million to move into the atwood building now and rent for the next 20 years .
this does n't include costs to the state for outfitting the new lio which were substantial .
rep. newman is spot on for once is the public not wanting the legislature in the new building .
a hugh waste of state funds at a time when the state does n't have the revenue to spend .
i suggest the area legislators find reasonable office space in their own district rather than buying a building we can not afford and should not be in .
at least trevor noah is played by an openly retarded black man .
it would be a good thing for the federal liberals if o'leary wins the con leadership .
o'leary would get 0 votes in quebec , new brunswick and other french speaking areas .
and by the time o'leary appears on the stage we will have all seen donald trump in his full 140 character glory tweeting his diplomatic ignorance and will be gun shy of a trump in canada .
i 'd be more worked about chong or other progressive conservatives that could really do damage to the liberal cause .
episode 1 of 13 reasons why , already fucking with my head i ca n't
do you really believe that a country needs to be " a beacon of democracy " to appeal to " the celebrity and elite class " ?
for eight years , the president and his family have set an impeccable example , for which we ’ll soon feel nostalgia .
what is the proper punishment for a nation that turns a deaf ear to common sense and compassion , and has lost its power to detect a malignant fraud ?
who do ordinary americans turn to when the government is packed with racists , billionaires , saber - rattling warmongers and incompetent fools , all infused with evangelical zeal and drooling at the idea of tearing down everything decent that this nation has built over the last century ?
we ’re about to find out .
and while only a minority of voters put this man into office , all of us will pay the price for their mistake .
everything is rapidly devolving from ghetto rap noise to ghetto fabulous beauty standards emphasis being on woman backside instead on her face and full figure so bbc ghetto language news service is nothing so very surprising although i must admit i thought it was a joke at first
the problem , oftentimes , with public forums is that it gives a platform to those who have no clue what they 're talking about but post anyway because it furthers some other agenda .
like you , for instance . (
see below . )
< user > is it the same one that is racist towards asians
been a lot of places .
seen a lot of shit .
constantly surrounded by stupid people but new york n florida whole another level of stupid .
on god there are no words for the shit i want to happen to this nasty ass cold hearted musty bitch url
seriously do we have to put @lexi they this interview ?
what are you feeling ?
hmmmmm i wonder .
@eliselobb
guranteed at least one of these guys has raped a woman before .
maybe all of them .
if you sat down and thought of what america would look like with 40 - 50 million blacks in a state or territory of their own ... some of you say " that would just make it easier for him to bomb us ! "
did n't i just tell you of our backup ? #
farrakhan # noisundays
blow these niggas out
@manuclearbomb so , do they think the only interaction they can have with woman is the bonezone ?
also , having dinner = a date ?
i ca n't ...
i will try and stay in touch as time and opportunity provide , dennism .
thanks for the encouragement .
i am still here in nyc until mid- or late march before leaving for rome , so i will continue to be a somewhat frequent participant just as i have been .
today is the jewish new year if the democrats were in the white house it would be the end of days for the jews
j - lee dragging in trudeau 's name was relevant 
 trudeau is about style over substance 
 much like universities - style ( political correctness ) trumps substance ( academic scholarship ) 
 universities have become centers for leftist social activists and not for scholars 
 and when i say " activists " i include the faculty
but of course the filthy diseased riddles niggers do and the sand nigger muslims do the ultimate parasite on the white man they hate can not fucking wait for mass deportation on these brain dead savages we have had enough of them
oh amazing , you re a terf freak .
yeah yeah i should kill myself for being a tranny , heard it before .
fuck off .
what is the best instagram follow / unfollow / stats app for ios ?
i just switched from android and it does n't have my app . & #
128553;&#128557 ;
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
@langel212 ngl i m gon na chop off his d!ck
only thing worse than veterans are their slut wives least i can pump em an dump before their genocidal psycho mass murderer husbands come back that s how i maga
damn , choke me on that huge cock
agreed folk i did not realize there were optics cucks among us lol sad too much of it these days faggots everywhere
is it true the whole british kingdom is run by lizards 

 just sayin
von eck refers to the ndp as if it 's a functioning programme , but it 's not .
the real ' albatross around the ndp 's neck ' is that the anc alliance is so captured by various forces including lack of vision , incompetence , stasis , corruption , etc that they 're unable , not only to implement it as a strategic plan , but the requirements for economic growth and development , which are there for all to see .
her analysis only alludes to this , perhaps for fear of being considered inappropriately outspoken .
there 's no merit at this stage being timid and speaking in metaphors .
the u.s. catholic bishops have , and deserve , little influence in the public square .
it ’s hard to get too concerned by the recklessness of + naumann and other members of the republican bishops conference .
on the other hand , in donald trump we have a candidate who is a notorious racist , fascist and adulterer ; an accused rapist , child molester and serial sex offender ; a demonstrably unstable personality who should never have access to any of the levers of government , let alone to the nuclear codes ; a demagogue who lacks even a minimal understanding of the issues of the day , who is contemptuous of american values and of democratic institutions and processes ; a bigot who attacks racial , ethnic and religious minorities , ridicules women , and mocks the handicapped .
by endorsing this despicable man , naumann does more than embarrass himself ; he disgraces the church and trivializes and diminishes the pro - life and pro - family causes he purports to support .
let 's pray that his priests will oppose him
wearing my new shoes around town who coming to clean them findomslave findom footfetish
i identify as genderqueer , but am male - assigned and often get misgendered+microaggressed .
i was just walking around the dining hall with friends in my cute summer dress .
server 1 : : i 've got ta ask , what is this all about ?
me : : oh , we 're here for our annual dinner !
server 2 : : but i mean , are supposed to dress like your favorite cartoon character , or what ?
absolutely .
whining is when you say every day , in every post , on every single thread where trump is mentioned that hillary won the total national popular vote , irrelevant as that is to the actual election of the president .
whining is where you say every day , in every post , on every single thread where trump is mentioned that comey or putin or both lost her the election .
objecting to his cabinet appointees , their positions , their past records or whatever trump tweets or says at any time now or in the future is not ' whining ' as well as hundreds of other things i 'm sure you find or will find objectionable over the next four years .
come on jaded , intellectually , you do know the difference ; emotionally , you just ca n't let go of your disappointment that she is not going to be president and he is .
in many disciplines , this is called denial , as it is in grief counseling .
if you continue to deny what you do n't want to accept , you ca n't get back to your real life .
racist : white ppl are racist sexist : feminists are sexist homophobic : just do nt touch me pls
@shkootshit death is what he deserves that shit is beyond foul and the nigga recording ai n't no better somebody should throw up on your momma head
report more twitter accounts today , let ’s jump on this , stop being lazy .
racist incidents in ireland up by 85 percent says immigrant council | irish news | irishcentral racist incidents in ireland up by 85 percent says immigrant council read more : racist incidents in ireland up by 85 percent says immigrant council | irish news | irishcentral follow us : @irishcentral on twitter | irishcentral on facebook
every bih want her a wedding ring but these bitches be fucking on everything - kodak
un*merce < censored > is just another white bitch trying to look as black as possible
baked alaska is a retard who copied people all his life he is a parasite who attaches himself to popular ideas never came up with an original idea in his life
< user > < user > if labour gets in starmer will send boats to france to bring illegal immigrants in
gays r cool faggots r not
< user > the only election security that matters is national voter i d with photo and chip it is a proven fact that russia did not affect the election < number > iota but illegal aliens voting democrat have corrupted our election process democrat voter fraud is real and threatens our republic
+ itchy robot and you 're a faggot
his family is taiwanese .
ethnically still han chinese , but still an important distinction to many people .
niggas talk more than bitches these days !
they are kiked the hell up nothing but filthy hooknose christ killers i do not watch any news on the tv
do n't forget to brush your teeth before bed , llying racist antisemitic piece of shit bigot .
not that it 'd make a difference with all the bullshit that spews out of your mouth , huh , lying racist antisemitic piece of shit bigot ?
pay attention to the muslims the blacks are waking up
niggas think just cause they fucked once they 'll fuck again , first off that dick was trash & you should be in jail for that 🤧 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
fuck ur little ass dick
get yo ass back in line w the rest of the hoes smh .
wasting my time n shit 🙄
yea thanks for the information as i said in my p.m i actully knew nothing of the squatting movement back then and always thought that in modern times it had always been the preserve of small groups of extreme anarchists .
what sean low t really meant was my wife boyfriend church and by having a blast he really meant the sand niggers were blowing up his wife children
it is all about happiness 
 you can achieve anything and make history , but if you 're not sticking it in women then you 'll never be happy .
america needs to listen to the words of senator mccain and do the exact opposite .
if men are allowed to wear dresses why am i not allowed to say they are men ?
when i was young my goal was to be like jane curtin on snl an ignorant slut finally realized my goals
i 'm not a writer , but i am a reader , and since i was about 8 my preferred type of fiction is science fiction , from which perspective the whole idea of " cultural appropriation " is nonsense .
you do n't need to be a robot to write stories about robots , you do n't need to be a time lord to write stories about dr. who , and you do n't need to be a klingon to write stories about klingons .
on the fantasy side , you do n't need to be an elf to write stories about elves .
i am not opposed to gifted women working in the sciences but can we please end affirmative action implement a meritocracy instead
@profjoyceharper @drangelalawson exactly .
do n't cut parts off intersex children , or the labia from girls , or the foreskin from boys .
we could easily end circumcision , fgm , and intersex correction with one consistent law .
you are going to get raped fed you and all the other siege niggers
lol i hope your future children are stillborn .
the reversal of males being less idle for whites and asians when in blacks and hispanics is interesting
brown skin dark skin women so fine
damn @wendys i can go for some chicken nuggets now . & #
129300 ;
dear sweden your cars are getting torched cities burn your women get raped and your children will not have a safe christian nation in the future due to your planned muslim invasion on the bright side at least no one will call you racists maga cuck sweden banislam
so if a game peaks my interest i will prepare for it .
i will try and make it fun for everyone .
and by that i mean cutting out my swearing !
would you slaughter every single femoid on earth if you could ?
i do n't believe in quotas .
i think you either make it , or you do n't .
remember everybody used to wear them ugly ass roshes
i be talking to the dumbest niggas alive 🥴 ugh
everyone go out and start an anonymous twitter account .
post pictures of underage drinking and talk about your friends and loved ones
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
i would think permanent solutions were better than temporary ones
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
how the fuck is it effeminate to use a fucking tissue do you wipe your ass with your hands like a goathumper too and no actually bodily fluids are a greater threat than personality flaws
the pity of this whole thing is that no one was close enough to this lady personally to more frequently check on her and her dogs .
oh noes someone called me a nigger online i am dead now
lovingly and powerfully written .
i hold this family and their friends in my heart , and hope their souls find peace .
the boers will be free in their volkstaat by then and they can show us how their ancestors carved a civilization outta nothing
racism should be ignored who cares if you 're black , yellow or normal .
please , nothing that will happen in trudeaus trip will have no impact on a lot of canadians , other then more tax money been blown ..
the safest place during an earthquake would be in a stationary store .
i fucking hate white men in politics i 'm gon na cut off all their fucking dicks
margaret stock is a hillary voting liberal democrat hiding behind the independent party ... 
 that is a fact , do n't fall for it .
i did not mention genitalia obviously you are obsessed with nigger dick get help
yesssssss . #
libtards are done .
these beta cucks getting ripped to shreds by our alpha men .
you're the racist , libtard url
there exists already 650 miles of steel barriers/ razor wire , etc .
on the border .
there has been a decline in   illegal mexicans crossing the border and an influx of mexicans returning to mexico .
the " estimated " number of 11 million , who knows how many are mexicans ?
but suffice to say a majority of that number have been living in the us for 10 years plus .
obama did deport over 2 million people targeting the worst ( criminal ) offenders and ones caught in an 100 mile radius but with clear cut instructions .
trump and his team unrolled a very chaotic immigration ban that has left the system in shambles and even with the courts repealing that ban he has empowered border guards and ice to continue profiling and detaining legal us citizens and legal visa holders so that it becomes a " witch hunt " .
that is the crux of the problem .
he has n't as of yet worked out what will happen with the dreamers . (
daca ) .
kim jong un had his ex - girlfriend executed by firing squad so why not whack his brother ?
the guy is n't shy about making strong moves .
does this mean all gay people can meet at his house and beat him up and not be legally charged or ?
i 've started dating an incredible woman ( long - distance , uhg ) , and i was talking about it with a male coworker of mine .
he was surprised i was interested in women , and asked if i was " full gay " .
i laughed and said yes , and it felt so good ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i live in the philippines i 'm a pilipino my mother 's family is one of the people that get disturbed
it 's the remix , federal prison .
niggas shanked in the kitchen .
little robert 's rolling that booty got every bandit in here wishing .
sippin on artic splash , they 'll tap his ass it 's just facts .
in life , what you do player will always come back , back .
hi , thought i 'd drop by and introduce myself , i just wish i 'd found this place earlier = / look forward to chatting to you all , niks .
three thoughts . (
1 ) governments suck at picking winners and should let people decide what training they want . (
2 ) the trades are important and will become more important as manufacturing becomes local .
historically we have relied on highly skilled immigrants for people who work with their hands and minds .
those sources are drying up and we need to support people who want to become skilled in the new manufacturing technologies .
clark 's mistake was to look backwards at the resource extraction and transportation industries and not forward at advanced manufacturing and materials cultivation and processing . (
3 ) bc needs a province wide conversation on how to revitalize economies outside the lower mainland .
there is no obvious solution .
the solution will be local and not devised and imposed from victoria .
you have spammed this comment 19 times on this article .
you disrespect those who make comments on this forum , readers of the epaper , and the globe and mail itself .
i have no problem with poetry spoken rhythmically set to music it low level ghetto scum culturally appropriating the long standing european tradition that annoys me
< user > if this country was founded my muslims it would be an oppressive religiously intolerant regime it would be iran
what do you call it when a tranny gets mangled in a car crash ?
a gender bender !
too bad for the europeans americans then apparently australia is kinda square funny how all these lower tier male illegal immigrants from the red belt below still have not managed to swing these areas into female positive territory it like the females do not live as long for some reason
i bet @chrisbrown woke up & amp ; rolled over into some bad ass curly headed pxssy this morning & # 128557;&#128557;&#128557 ;
since this time last year ten pakistani girls under the age of nine have been raped and murdered in the city of kasur what kind of men are those paki blokes if they can not even protect their wives
i love your big tits , but i think they need my dick between them
this judge is wrong in his ruling , in the opinion of all indians citizens .
most black people are brown / dark skin so most light skin people who date other black people ( if they are n't purposely trying to ' keep it light ' ) will date mostly darker skin black people .
but that does n't mean preference
bro nosey ass bitches
not just thundercunts .
cock juggling thundercunts .
" it 's only men who will suffer after all . "
blatantly false statement .
i 'd give you a " laugh " if it was n't such a serious falsehood .
i 've been a severe critic on this series , so i 'm not necessarily an advocate of much that has   been suggested in this series or , worse , the flawed objectives it sometimes represents .
one police jurisdiction reacted just as crazily : a new campaign will have all its officers enter the interview room with an " i believe you " attitude .
ridiculous .
" it 's only men who will suffer after all " is equally ridiculous .
every woman who enters a courtroom -- regardless of the assault circumstances and her own innocence or complicity-- suffers .
and now there will a whole lot more of them agonizing before - hand , and made to suffer in the courtroom .
perhaps needlessly .
the already overworked judicial system suffers .
tax - payers feel the anguish , too -- tens of thousands of dollars wasted in prosecuting cases that should never have gone forward ... for lack of evidence .
that is fine i fully support that feminism is about choice that women can do and be whoever they want to be without being held back or judged because of their gender both many feminists and many anti feminists seem to fuck that part up
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
a little concerned at what is happening here .
uh .
this story may not be over .
6 ) then , junior releases his e - mails , which specify that it was for the purpose of getting dirt on hrc .... with kushner and manafort in attendance .
7 ) next , we find out that , despite junior 's assurances during an interview with sean hannity that what he disclosed was the extent of what went on , other people were in the meeting .
8) now , we are told by trump 's fans that what they spent all this time lying about is really no big deal ... even though it apparently was a big enough of a deal for them to lie about it .
let 's see here ..... lies by trump or people associated with him at every step along this path .... which is then followed up by typical deflection about media bias ( as if that makes what junior did magically go away ) or hrc ( whom i 'm all for revisiting ..... right after we are finished with trump .... as she currently holds no political office ) .
now that you see this repeated back , does lying about something that is n't really a " big deal " make sense ?
when you are having a bad day , and questioning the value of your life ... remember that there 's a guy who designs turn signal lenses for bmw .
it is wildly amusing that the columnist praises the young woman for her courage ( fair enough there , she boldly wrote a striking piece that struck a chord ) ... 

 ... but the best that the columnist himself can muster , in the area of courage , is this feeble , anemic , laughable and pathetic diversion from reality : 

 " i know there are a lot of reasons ( vancouver house ) prices are so high : land costs for one .
and of course there 's supply .
that 's all developers ever talk about : if there were more condo towers , prices would come down . "
hello ?
seriously , man , hello ?
look , man , the reason vancouver house prices are so high is because so much overseas money has been flooding into the place in recent decades en masse !
how on earth can a columnist write in this area without stating that plain fact front and center ?
seriously , man , how ?
ep6 .
i 'm starting to see what clay could 've done wrong ... but maybe it 's nothing .
maybe he is n't at fault at all .. let 's see # 13reasonswhy
when everything is going accordingly the enemy always try to come creep up on you but i ai nt havin it ! !
buhh byee
paul is that stuff about moslems attacking white businesses in bradford on xmas eve true
" @ligacaomixer @omgetweird @radiodisney quinze # littlemix " " shout out to my ex " " # heartbreak @radiodisney "
see , south africa is just a glimpe into our future , as the beasts of memphis run it directly into the ground .
lawsuits ?
are you serious , all business and business men & women get sued .
" trump is the guy you came up with ? "
you 're crying about trump and you 're fixing to vote for the most corrupt politician america has to offer ?
how can you even compare the two unless you 're just plain loony .
hillary rotten clinton is the worst pos this country has seen in decades and you 're sticking your head in the sand and hope for the best .
good god , what 's wrong with your kind ?
trump is n't the best by far but clinton is a friggin criminal for god sakes .
do me a favor and do n't every compare the two again because you 're delusional .
glad to see a counter narrative .
evil is not restricted to muslims and good is not restricted to christians .
go back to the chapo you degenerate
his penis should be removed then throw him in jail .
wowwww is nothing sacred fuck this guy !
hope he gets aids himself what an awful person
if those progressives hate america so much they should leave and go back their third world dumps .
tweet # 7162222221733345429024 i wanted to say fuck an oreo and love me all day .
i just did half way and realized .
rap is gay but sorry for party rapunzel .
i fuck the most black girls the @nfl forbids rebroacasts of this telecast ibg vs the cool worlds is a japanese trademark
i think you are missing that it is young white males especially that are waking up
yes , he too is " in the image and likeness " .
@conflictsw @cmellaniac correction- turkey attack against pkk sdf ypg terrorists are so not brutal as it was against islamic state which is clearly showing that they are friends each other and enemy of islam .
this is is just a show to world nothing else .
were the founding fathers blacks and hispanics and asians can you tell me because i am color blind
if you insist on being a white person at least have the decency to be a communist
just spent < number > min figuring out exact loc of tea lounge on 7 th ave park slope to map it i will never get these 1 5 min back but mapping a place of my and so many others many boring fine or stellar first dates is worth it dyke gentrification cri tgis dig geog lesbian queer
@jahebe @maracuriel1 @unlov3abl3 that bitch retarded lmaooooo
< user > nigga fucking called me a faggot when i said these things to him
they would tell you it would n't have made a damn bit of difference since the nazis enjoyed significant popular support and broad acquiescence from the majority population , ie . ,
the trumpism of today .
i am not an immigration expert but in many countries having an offspring ( and financial independence ) is enough for a family visa .
good luck , stay strong !
i guess it really doesn ’ t matter what sign or what placements a man has they all retarded 😕
communists ?
how old are you ?
i am sad your a nazi splains a lot
phony hypocrite trudeau 

 if he really cares about the poor underpaid and overworked canadian worker 
 he should 
 exempt all canadians living below the poverty line 
 from federal taxes 

 enough hot air platitudes from justin
have you read all the available information ?
the women both had consensual sex ; the man is a playboy , and the girls got mad and got even .
billy - boy brought up wmd on the eve of the monica investigation .
poor bush bought in to the lies . (
though i have always thought bush , sr threw the race to bill . )
they are all in bed together !
and please , would you people retire mccain !
he is a war monger , a dork , a tired old fool .
what 's the difference between your mom going shopping and your dad going shopping ?
when my mom goes shopping , she leaves first thing in the morning and she gets back at dinner time with a car full of groceries .
but my dad , he went out for cigarettes five years ago and he still is n't home yet .
wake up !
it 's time to drill and mine !
listen to all of alaskas votes .
not only in nana cripplin their own corp. , but nana is also a catalyst to the alaskan economy .
crywolf else where ....
it 's double standards !
< repeat > when the hulk goes off into a vicious rage and destroys everything , he 's " incredible . "
but when i do it , i ' m , " an alcoholic . "
one of the most redneck white boys in my class just said the n word and no one even flinched
mans was buggin ... how you gon cheat on her .
url
if i had a dollar for every gender there was ... i 'd have 1.75 and a shit ton of counterfeits
what sleeps outside in the afternoon and wakes up in pain ?
white people
such a waste of money .
it 's no wonder a good percentage of the population do n't trust government .......
@cernovich @roswell2001 the whole interview is amazing cnn : trump is racist , right ?
rev : no .
cnn : really ?
c'm on .
he 's a racist rev : no .
cnn : well , you hate gays , why should we listen to you ? ? #
notjournalism
some nigga disrespected a grave of soldiers
i agree with kevin , this proposed budget is a phony .
first , if i 'm just going to keep on paying the same levy amount , why would i want to put it in the control of the state , instead of local people who know what our schools need , and lose the right to vote on it to boot ?
second , do republicans expect our roads , bridges , and water systems to get younger as the years go by ?
or are they hoping to turn all our roads into toll roads ?
there are red states where that is happening today .
and thirdly , it 's just nonsense to decrease the budget for disaster response   --   when a disaster happens , the state needs to come up with its share of the costs , or it wo n't get federal disaster money .
the senate is just gambling that there wo n't be so many wildfires , landslldes , earthquakes , etc , for the next few years   --   it 's pure silliness .
this gon na be a long post i see - konavle - look better - it is ours on this map ... small land but important
the dude broke german codes that helped win the war and you 're focusing on his sex life ?
and fuck religion .
it 's made up fairy tale .
does n't deserve any more respect than people who say they were kidnapped by aliens , saw elvis recently , or the rapture is coming .
get some fucking evidence for you beliefs or keep that shit to yourself .
murdering people gets attention too .
does n't make it right to do .
again , you keep trying to justify a bad action because you like what 's being done for .
sorry , does n't make it any less of a bad action , no matter how much you try to sweep it under the rug .
so you fought for free speech ( thank you) ... but you believe players who exercise their free speech that you and many others fought for , are sobs who should be fired ? (
unless they exercise their free speech in a particular way that you condone and approve of ? )
the thing about free speech and the first amendment is there are a lot of people with different values and opinions and life experiences than us in this country .
some of it makes us uncomfortable , and is offensive to us .
it 's uncomfortable for me to watch people kneeling for the anthem .
but it 's even more uncomfortable for me to consider that we have a problem in this country with police officers shooting black men .
rishard matthews , wr for tn , who has kneeled since last year had a brother killed in afghanistan in 2015 , and his father served in the marines .
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
rt @c_g_anderson : @viva_based she look like a tranny
omg my favorite tv show finale&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128546;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128170;&#127996;&#128170;&#127996;&#128170;&#127996;&#128588;&#127996;&#128588;&#127996;&#128588;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128522;&#128522;&#128522 ; # grimmfinale super loved it amazing will miss them on tv for sure loved it ❣
what you nazi faggots keep telling me is you are about < number > gabs then you puss out run gump
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
it 's not free .
we pay insurance premiums !
well , jsb1 , there is a difference between lying and being wrong .
i was wrong about hate speech .
you were wrong about it being a leftist talking point .
or lying ?
nah .
this slutty cunt has my horny cock raging .
want force her to her knees , pin her against a wall and shove my pulsating erection into her warm wet mouth , fuck relentlessly til i give her a hot salty throatpie .
i bet u she 's tighter than a virgin
the way i see it we there are two paths we must take .
the first is that the present government must go .
surely the only people who think otherwise are those with their nose in the anc feeding trough .
the other path is much harder .
to my simple mind there are three categories of white people ; the absolute racists , the ditherers who treat their black servants well and think vaguely of having black friends , and the people who have gone in boots and all , spend time in black people 's houses and have black people in for a meal or for coffee and work at understanding what makes black people tick and helping them understand how us whiteys think .
i believe that there are a lot of white people trapped in that middle category .
they want to but they do n't know how .
the trick will be to find a way to help them make that transition .
fuck everything .
back on the road .
trump is the man alaska 's congressional delegation support - crickets from lisa , dan and don .
it 's party first for them and keeping their pacs and fundraisers happy .
what a shameful travesty .
and @alvinzhakata has a special message for the # afcon2019 hosts , egypt and the people of africa .
he 's a man that clearly believes that our future , as a continent , is in togetherness and unity ... url
wtf is this queer ass shit .
your probs the receiver not the giver .
that 's why you a fruit ass faggot loll
really ? ?
you 've missed the point , palani .
it 's unfortunate that you did n't comprehend the gist of her commentary .
her last paragraph stated it , clear and simple to understand .
let 's just agree to disagree !
aloha !
we owe it to them to give them a real holocaust this time it the just and noble thing to do
thieving little junkie slut eastenders
fuck u dude .really u r shit
keep going on your journey , @mainedcm .
the road ahead may seem long right now , but you have what it takes to make to the top .
@mainedcm   # mainemendoza # 49thmainesary
and the lib troll is truly showing the ignorance , the swamp is not the cabinet you idiot , it is the entrenched bureaucrat and politician that are in it for thier pockets over service as well as the never ending government intrusiveness into lives , business that holds back the economy , man will one left winger actually learn something before posting such ignorance that gives us all a reason to laugh at every post you make
the cause is the same thing that causes men to snore .
their balls slowly hang down and cover their asshole and they become vaporlocked !
in regards to all the posts being made that incorrectly identify indigenous nations as " special interest groups " , " canadians""unimportant segments of the canadian population " , or offer racist demeaning remarks towards grand chief phillip , they ignore the success of indigenous nations within the colonial courts of canada in beating canada with their own laws .
bill gallagher of resource rulers captures the reality .
http://www.metronews.ca/news/vancouver/2016/12/02/timeline-of-bc-first-nations-legal-winning-streak.html
you mean the southern democrats , after the civil war ,   who were democratic because lincoln was republican ?
they were angry because slavery was abolished which hurt their pocket book ,   their sense of propriety and the proper order of things , i.e. , the sense of their place in the order of ethnicity .
" " " there is no reason for you to hide , it 's so hard for me staying here all alone , when you could be takin me for a ride . " " "
lifeguards are paid for dragging crying kids out of pools .
apparently when i do it it ’s ‘ illegal ’ and got me a ban from the leisure center
giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function , decrease blood pressure , and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes .
you mean niggers tehn you ´ re right but know who took them to murrica muslims arabs goatfuckers
follow @onwardchristiansoldier for solid faith based posts still relevanf in today ’s culture wars .
praying praying is just getting down on your knees and pleasing jesus
my love for tupperware in stemmed from the fact that 
 it was easier to pack and eat cold leftovers in a stall or a staircase than it was to buy lunch from the cafeteria and then leave :))) ) ) )
today citizens of calella near barcelona ask police staying at a local hotel to leave after the violence of the previous day police respond by attacking them
< user > a hindu refugee is different from a muslim refugee because a hindu looks at india as his saviour the only majority hindu country in the world where as there are umpteen muslim and christian countries in the world for a muslim
good article .
any extra incentives for young people to pursue their educational goals are worthwhile .
i like the emphasis on courtesy , too .
a shout - out to bill spencer .
i hope they never breed
good meditation .
after the mystery of the transfiguration , the story of the samaritan woman is a sign of hope for an eventual " transfiguration " of the catholic hierarchy , from being exclusively male to become inclusively human , in the flesh , male and female .
ten thousand years or so of patriarchal conditioning makes us blind , but st john paul ii 's " theology of the body " clearly explains that the body is a sacrament of the entire person but is not the entire person .
under the new law , the apostolic mission is not contingent on having a penis .
march 25th , the solemnity of the annunciation , is the worldwide day of prayer for the ordination of women .
let us pray !
i was up late watching tv and there it was on cnn , click on the link video - breaking news videos from cnn.com
commit suicide yourself , you cock sucking faggot ass bot .
that 'd send a message .
in /r / relationships , a 16 year old boy discusses his abusive mother , who is refusing to use child support his dad pays her for his support & amp ; welfare , & amp ; is making him pay for his own welfare & amp ; support , while forcing him to work at home for free & amp ; limiting his ability for get & amp ; keep a job
go fuck yourself you narcissistic bitch
exactly muslims advocate the killing of non converts infidels if you will .
they advocate child abuse buggery and male supremacy .
i 've only seen four jews in my whole life , and those jews were on the silja europa ship , going to stockholm .
< number > of american women are overweight or obese — what the hell is going on in our country
shoutout to the voltron cosplayers at wagaya i guess
a thought for the day : “ cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right . ” —
oprah winfrey
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
hey you ’re getting it 

 so what you ’ve just described is how it is in north america for people of colour .
this is deeply problematic , since white folks teaching yoga is cultural appropriation that perpetuates coloniality .
laura humpf must apologize .
url
lil nigga do not jump in that water cause this shit deep
the scc can not trust the fn with any decisions concerning progress .
gary , if you " do n't mean to be harsh " , then do n't .
just ask your clarification question(s ) .
iranian women risking prison or even death by removing their hijabs feminist in the west wear a hijab like it some sort of medal fukin idiots freedom from islamic rule is all they want
< user > camel fucking arabs
i was away for the weekend that is why i did get around to posting my blood group ( i do n't see why i should bother anyway ) btw , i am in blood group ` ` o ''
she 's right though .
no one can spout an ignorant comment like white people and then quickly take offense afterwards .
as a white man , i 'm ashamed of the complete lack of empathy and understanding .
none of the writers who have voiced their opinion so far are fit to tell any other stories than from their own self - indulgent viewpoint .
infowars : “ get next week , next month , next years news , today ! ”
reality : * links to nbc article *
me : : ( about a racist joke ): as a person of color that really upsets me .
friend : : please , suzie .
you 're white .
actually , no i 'm not .
i 'm arabic , latina , and african .
just because i 'm well educated does n't mean i 'm white .
i am 19 , in ohio , at a college party .
it made me feel belittled , marginalized , offended .
i 'm sure they employ other metrics , too .
but i 'm sure a woman could certainly avoid many problems if they avoid dating trump supporters .
the man bragged about sexually assaulting women merely because of his power .
as a man , if i was dating , i 'd have zero interest in a woman that was a trump supporter .
i find intelligence in women to be appealing .
i am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .
does a new immigrant contribute in the early < number > < number > in the u.s .
each new immigrant that came added to the economy by providing something the economy needed since that time the economy has developed meaning each new immigrant that comes now contributes nothing in fact we now pay them
< user > lmao she was whoopin that white ass 💀 😂
funny they had to go to 2006 to find anti - ple sentiment for a 2011 news story .
how was that a current news topic , lol ?
from the ranks of the freaks who suspect they could never love anyone .
it honestly sad because most were molested as a child and told to be gay or they think that what normal from their traumatic experience
hijabs and burkas are to hide scars from abuse and acid burns to women from men who think they own them if you wear them or are ok with women wearing them you have to admit you are ok with abusing women
also , it 's so sad to see so much pre made crap in their grocery buys .
i 'd certainly cut your dick off to titfuck this chick
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
what ?
lmfao .
only 7 % of the population is lgbtq
# pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth .
because there is not enough lgbtq+ representation .
i have had numerous interactions with americans , and they seem totally flummoxed or bowled over / infatuated with canada 's prime celebrity .
even " pink - handled pistol - in - the - purse " southern republican women are impressed ... not that they would ever vote for someone like that ... 

 it always amounts to how easy it is to idealize that which is distant ...
i am giving fodder to your writing but i need to do something today and i will go at it .
ah , the idea that all females should think and feel alike .
all females are endowed by their creator with motherhood   instincts .
not .
when my mother was a master level social worker in an urban hospital she used to have her very pregnant clients climb up to two flights of stairs to see her .
after i was born , she realized what she had done to these women .
she had a hard time forgiving herself .
moral of the story .
no human is endowed with the ability to know another 's whole story and life .
no one .
this is why   art , communication and thinking are so important .
the words " i do n't understand " , i ca n't comprehend " are so important to any type of dialogue .
without the ability to realize our confinements we will never be free .
well , you ca n't reasonably expect health care providers to know anything about your situation .
i mean , you 're transsexual , and that 's pretty weird .
i do n't know why you 're so upset about this .
you should really be more tolerant of people who do n't get it .
yet here you are being triggered like the utter faggot you are
< user > both my ashkenazi parents took dna tests and it showed that they were both < percent > < percent > ethnically jewish my dad even found out he has some sephardi in him the other < percent > < percent > in them was north african no white in the mix there
interesting ... before the election , ms. notley stated the opposite from her current position .
i guess i 'd be interested in hearing a politician who remains consistent , no matter what the platform .
on the other hand , it seems there is only one brand of politician in canada , despite party stripes .
if ms. notley only wants to see ndp workers supporting the b.c. liberals , then she confirms there is no difference between the ndp and liberals .
ms. notley is copying much of the conservative playbook after their ouster , so has the ndp become ' conservative ' ?
they are all just politicians , so i 'd like to see riding boundaries changed to reduce the number of politicians .
canada could save a lot by having fewer of these politicians .
sex be so good a bitch be slow stroking and crying
would it be cost prohibitive to have a small shaded area to finish your meal when it starts to rain or when you 've have your dose of healthy sun ?
maybe a covered picnic table .
check ,
sounds like a threat to me .
< user > < user > can ’ t be as retarded as your pops in your avi
drum roll ............ aaaaand taxes is the answer .... it 's always the answer .
someone is getting hosed .
ie   private sector residence of alaska ..
your a stupid little whore whose only purpose is to be a worthless hole to take cum inside your hopeless body .
yo … — you 're * but at least you tried ya know url
" kill all cishet white men "
i hate this showguck this show imreakmy gonna cry fuck off
i was a substitute teacher for the jackson mississippi public school system in the late 1990 's .
get home police been round my house today , i 've been seen trespassing into a farmers field taking a slash along daws hill !
are they for real
i mean muslims are sand niggers regardless or just niggers
daily reminder to normfags : you can go to the gym all you want you 'll never experience life as a 8 + male 
 stop coping , you get nothing but roasties and you have to work and grovel for them , just lol at even leaving the house if you 're not facially a 7 .
that 's right would have to be at least two more because someone is going to need to shut your whore mouth up while my cock rapes your asshole over and over again while daddy 's other friend is in your slutty little cunt .
this article could have been written about poor , uneducated rural white american   males .
in fact , it has .
very shallow , uninformed article from sa .
being gay is a clear advantage in america today .
if it were not , @petebuttigieg would not make it the centerpiece of his campaign . #
radicalpete # lgbtqwxyz url
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
" a more concrete plan was colorado 's single payer proposal that would have increased health income taxes from 2.9 % to 8.8 % .
and some analyses thought this was insufficient .
"--california and vermont could n't even pass their own single - payer plans because it would have emulsified their budgets .
and the federal government / states do n't want to enforce anti - monopoly and consumer protection laws on healthcare providers , because doing so would instantly ratchet down healthcare from 18 % to the 2 - 3 % that it was in the 1970s and spark a recession .
no legislator or executive wants to be tagged with that , even though it would actually benefit us in the long run .
.22 lr subsonics out of a long rifle barrel are very quiet , but then so are .22 short rifles .
so would you be in favor of christaphoboa ?
you seem to cherry pick the quaran .
are you in support of imam said rageah ?
or would that be having islamaphobia too ?
if a deaf person has parkinson 's disease , do they also have tourette 's ?
three disabilities in one joke .
that 's pretty good
< user > bitch ain ’ t no sike mfs sick
active : " believers of jd power " 

 is that a religion ?
i hear that mcdonalds is coming to their aid .
that 's not what a real man would do .
your perception is selective .
what president trump has continually said is that he is for free speach , no matter if you like what the person is saying or not .
just because you do n't like racial supremacists , which he has continually denounced , does n't mean president trump is one himself when he stands for their right to speak and have assembly under our u.s. constitution , that he has sworn to uphold .
hear in lies the breakdown of your false accusations .
as for your jobs attack apparently you do not read , as black employment is way up in the inner cities   since president trump came to office .
http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/17/black-employment-up-up-up-under-trump/
kill yourself instead
tourists dramatically rescued from being trapped in gondolas above cologne
i guess morgan freeman is restricted to only being authorized to play the wise token nog in predominately white movies
when someone i do n't like has me blocked or vise versa & amp ; people still text me screenshots .
no ma'am . & #
128686 ;
yes the veils are an admission that men in the me are pigs .
" finally got my gf to watch # wynonnaearp last night .
she kept calling bobo " " the badonkadonk " " so you win some you lose some i guess . "
fuck white supremacists , homophobes , misogynists , and ignoramuses .
when it comes to polls about trump , they all are false .
just keep in mind that most , if not all the polls predicted an overwhelming victory for clinton prior to nov. 8 2017 .
they were all dead wrong , their poll numbers blatantly false .
for trump not clinton won overwhelmingly , making the credibility of pollsters dubious .
when it comes to trump , there 's no guarantee that those polled are all telling the truth as in 2016 .
and you 're a mentally ill man pretending to be a " woman " .
have a nice day pedo
never in my life will you see me date a white butch lesbian i will never do that to myself
uhg .
i get it , but as far as i 'm concerned , this man deserves the chair .
he ruined the lives of these girls and then tries to have them killed ?
he needs to die ... preferably suffering .
they are basically males who have been rejected by women or they had a bad example of a mother and they think all women must be the same way they are low iq males if anything they are doing a favor to humanity for not breeding and spreading their inferior seed
dreamt i got sued again and the process server was a neonazi thanks brain
its so scary to transition while in a relationship .
i m doing it to but i m with a cisguy and i 'm a trans guy .
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
i was surprised they were showing respect to a white man ... then i learned he was gay .
that makes more sense .
< user > how bored they all look
only autistic faggots think a thing only exists if it has < number > crisp borders do you not think we know what blue is lol what a fag
werner herzog voice the goose is our animalistic self taking retribution on our consciousness for the extreme violence it is complicit in committing to the natural world
@papidafred did i said her pussy !
see you need to go read a fucking book !
fucking dumb ass .
small dick niggas ca n't think '
is it gay to be lesbian
your going to do kids like that ?
wow you should have your damn head blowed clean off you sick bastards smdh over this foolishness url
he sounds like a great guy .
if i were you i would come out to him as he seems pretty aware already that you like masculine clothing and such , maybe he already has an idea ?
i know of some people who identify as straight but make exceptions in situations like these .
not to get your hopes up but it still could happen , you never know .
i hope everything works out well for you two .
does anyone have the list of the original 9 approved intervenors .. or does anyone know how to get that list ?
why does stormfront not have a section for this type of thing .
worst thing about fucking my hand up is that i ca n't drive&#128530 ;
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
thank you for confirming the assertion frequently made by right - wingers that left - wingers deliberately conflate illegal immigration with legal immigration for the purposes of making them appear equal .
you should talk to people who have actually immigrated to the us lawfully and have become naturalized citizens .
they 'll help dispel any confusion you may have over this issue .
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
who still argue in < number > that ’ ghetto 🙄 😒
1 9 5 0 white america the most peaceful decade in usa history < number > birth rate whites lived the american dream no riots ghettos crime gangs except for a handful of places usa was idyllic and hated socialism then came 1 9 6 0 revolution by liberals
what kills me is they are demanding .... the men are still pigs and did not change ..... they have over 10 kids while tax payers think twice about having children as they ca n't afford to yet these so called refugees can .... come on do n't kid around , this cohort is unlike any other in that they will milk us dry and not assimilate - i really have no time or patience for them .... they will add to ur   our pot but only complain and take take take
first i 'll fuck your girlfriend after all she was # built4bbc   while you lick her pussy clean i 'll make you my # faggot4bbc and stretch your ass url
do you really need to eat that ?
imagine canada with < number > < number > of these retarded niggas in canada canadians are not used to be confronted by garbage like this yet canada shit skin moslem immigration minister ahmed hussen wants to bring < number > < number > of these animals to canada
every woman is sitting on a scholarship .
if they pussy works no woman should be broke
interestingly the daily mirror say tommy robinson was filmed punching migrant in italy anybody that saw the full video will see how misleading and devious this is the mirror also broke the telford grooming gang story but failed to mention muslim men something does not seem right about this
trump supporters supposedly admire him for ' telling it like it is ' , but all he does is give his own twisted view of reality .
now this letter goes even further : trump was never a moral person , witness his history with women , running his companies into bankruptcy to avoid paying contractors , stiffing vendors who sold to him in good faith .
if given his way he would run this country into bankruptcy by running up the deficit and then trying to deal it down to pennies on the dollar .
yea it 's especially weird considering their proclivity for pedophilia and prepubescent girls .
i 'm guessing their logic is " chads like huge pornstar tits and all women care about is what chad thinks so therefore all women want to look like pamela anderson and if i tell them they 're flat they 'll be wrecked . "
that 's the post of the evening !
indeed !
or perhaps they could be expected to follow the cultural mores and traditions of the areas they move to .
may your gender never be neutral and you remember who you are 
 just look down and see what you got before you head out to the bar
globalists are in panic mode .
putin is not a globalist , neither is trump .
if the usa can work with russia and destroy isil ,   what would the military / industrial complex do ?
there would be no boogy man if the us gets along with russia .
the globalists want to keep selling military equipment and supplies to the world and we need someone to blame .
i 'm sorry but i could never cuff a girl that fucked my mans smh&#128564 ;
only white men are allowed to be racist and sexist .
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
amen .
the only thing she has n't quit … is lying .
very few have an issue with a woman being president .
what we do n't want is an ineffective , inept , non - trustworthy , caught red handed multiple times , corrupt career politician as the potus .
male or female … that is a losing hand .
mary schmich , you 've obviously had several glasses of the koolaid .
there is nothing respectable about this person .
no george , the fact that the only people on death row are black men who killed fewer people than the white aurora theater shooter ( who is not on death row ) is clear evidence that the death penalty process does not work .
apparently only white people can be " insane " in colorado ...
@chrisevans hi god .
r u there ?
oh ur chris evans it all males since now !
thank u for ur support ☺ ️
" like educating smokers that the world is not their ashtray and tossing their butts everywhere is not cool ? "
i 'm fine with that .
there have been a few times when i saw someone ditch their butt , so i picked it and handed it back to them . "
i think you dropped something . "
< user > < user > tweet about illegal immigrants or muslim terrorists they will be round in < number > minutes
if i had $ 5 for every gender i would have $ 8.85 and a lot of counterfeit money .
if you tell me to get one of those weird hexa things i will never talk to you again .
a once all white area
< user > you know you get no girls you look like a bitch you let silent bitch you you always buy shit for him and suck him off get off my twitter feed queer
viva la raza fagget hicks how bout you go back to europe
gay fooking dumb ass video and the person that posted it is a moron .. roflmao gay fooking garbage
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
he does n't ever know wtf to say out his mouth joe & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128530 ; stupid ass nigga
also the bell curve for iq not only has many more men at the high iq tails but also at the low iq tails so there are retarded men out there voting
yo nigga talk to you crazy cause you living like you need his ass
i 'm convinced that females like ugly ass niggas in 2019
new people should lurk / comment for atleast a month before they attempt to make a post 
 there is so many fakecels and newcels that have been making stupid posts with accounts that are less than a week old .
where is todd ?
it seems " entrenched racism " is in the eye of the beholder .
typically some indoctrinated academic .
so walmart quietly removing cashiers nationwide technology is replacing humans not immigrants 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
i was just debating with myself whether i should go to bed or have one last beer ...
narcissistic personality disorder , displayed in some leaders , has a lot to answer for in history .
having had direct experience in the workplace with some sufferers over the years , the best way to handle them is either to ridicule their excesses and their inflated ego if one can do so without direct consequences to yourself , or to ignore them and leave at the first opportunity .
the media has the advantage in the first scenario , by using satire .
satirising overweight , silly men , one with a ridiculous hair style , and the other with ridiculous ( if not ' camp ' ) taste in medieval dresses and headgear , could do something to counteract their impact on those who are left vulnerable to their excesses .
being laughed at is a special sort of hell for the npd sufferer .
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
it 's because they 're white but middle eastern so if you 're pro them you 're anti brown people
< user > he wanted to call people retarded but ended up being the one with mental problems
< user > ahurt tge frick up little gril you and ur kpoop so gay 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 guacamole andgerr 😡 😡 😡 👊 😡 angr whip 🖐 😡 🖐 😡 angrrnae nae
this quisling judge has decided to suppress evidence of the obscene violence and hate of islam when muslims are on trial because if a jury ever found out what these muslim savages were up to the muslim terrorist scum would be convicted and this quisling judge does not want that
as a queer entertainer your work is already constantly undervalued and manipulated to have that done by other faggots that amore
what happened to if one has sinned against a brother ?
from my recollection one had to make amends first before seeking forgiveness from god through the confessional for catholics at least , that does n't come from the pulpit if in fact it ever did   not being a cradle catholic .
lmaooo rt @handsomeesco_55 she a tranny if she can open a jar of pickles by herself
shame you could n't even list one " truth " .
why am i not surprised .
lol  

 as i have said , it will be interesting if this is revisited say in 6 months and an evaluation made of just how the donald is doing .
i do n't think he is doing well at all , but then again , i do not favor giving the mentally ill the right to buy guns .
( his biggest achievement to date . )
no .
he 's the has - been of 2 decades ago .
i ca n't believe the man 's nerve , but his master has taught him well .
gay people should die
you can only say the word negro if it 's attached to the word league .
then we 're totally cool , guys .
what the pride parades are all about , it 's not celebrating your sexuality , it 's about not having to be ashamed of your sexuality because you 're being told it 's wrong and show people who may be questioning or in the closet they should n't be either .
to be proud about all the obstacles that have been over come but also remind people that it 's still an ongoing issue .
so what should we do with those immigrants then ?
hillary is for women the following could not be reached for comment yazidi girls aborted girl babies syrian women and girls abandoned by their men we can not print the comments of jones willey broaddrick etc dirtyhillary neverhillary
i do n't understand why the department of justice or the fbi does not look into or charge individuals who threaten or demonstrate by intention their expression of violence towards government officials .
first amendment does not allow someone to verbally threaten another .
wake up people .
this also applies to the hollywood elites .
wonder if amsterdam red light district has changed the sand niggers just love pussy but they prefer rape to a commercial arrangement makes them feel like the men they are not inbred scum kill em
< user > so islamaphobia bad anti semitic just fine no both are bad
what a joke !
your tax dollars ?
it is well established that the cities and states that are dominated by democrat voters , contribute tax dollars   - while the rural and red states take tax dollars .
democrats are going to tire of supporting the living standards of the average gop voter
4get sometimes what a hottie mc is , n his natural habitat # talkingdead # thewalkingdead # southland awe ... the look btwn sgm & amp ; mc & # 128546;&#128546;&#128546 ;
she is disgusting
gon na become a girl just so y all stop bullying me
i can only shake my head .
the notion that masculinity is toxic is ludicrous .
masculinity covers a wide range of behaviour , some of it quite beneficial , some it quite the opposite .
one could argue that many of the advances in our society are a direct result of the masculine behaviour of taking risks in the pursuit of knowledge or other gain .
there are certainly some men that exhibit extremely anti - social behaviour , such as described in the article .
to then generalize by stating that all masculine behaviours are anti - social is demeaning to all men who behave themselves .
you must really fucking love gay guys cause holy shit you wasted a whole lot of typing in the comments and all for nothing to cause you are one of the dumbest people i 've ever encountered on this fucking earth .
i know for a fact you have no friends and your a virgin and i would beat the fuck out of you :))) ) clown
if i had 5 $ for every gender ... i would have 10 $ and a lot of counterfeit money .
shut the fuck up you faggot
a sweet lady offered @aburnha and i clam chowder today while out in the sleet .
wish we had more time to join her ! & #
128553;i love kind ppl ! #
nbcct
but not by much it more of a statement on how dumb niggers are
do n't hit me up asking for drugs or asking if i want to do drugs with you ... i fucking do n't .
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
< user > and hire illegal aliens to nanny so they can save money
if you are attracted to zendaya you are a lesbian hi dykes
oh , i would never date a bisexual .
i 'd always worry they would cheat on me with a guy .
plus , they are n't seriously gay , they are just pretending to be because it 's ' hip . '
i ca n't wait until we 're in a position to be able to share more details , but not yet .
it 's early days .
the only negro i d shed a tear for
i get my car nd i ’ m back mobile today bitches
when the contract expires the software that belogs to the contractor will not be run .
if it is you know it not going to be free .
the city of brampton and the region of peel need funding from the federal government to fight gun violence the issue is not < number > gangs
it ’ bad enough the caucasians shade me for my name but my own ppl be mocking me the spelling is different 😡
people should not judge muslims fast crime ni crime nyinyi kazi kurusha midomo ety oh ety aa fuck you if you have nothing to say
< number > mass shootings this year and not one committed by a black man or an illegal alien let that sink in
this gon na be a long post i see - konavle - look better - it is ours on this map ... small land but important
" no boats and hoes please thanks " - mom
what if ariana grande 's and mac miller 's relationship was a publicity stunt for his new album but they actually started to fall in love ?
i am a liberal and i have consensual sex with more women than the guys you see in porn
and the solution is to add another rights abusers to our list of new best friends ?
european airports have been this way for years , the trend is simply moving to the usa .
well if you can come from the ghetto become a billionaire or come from another country e a muslim become president of the usa where the oppression
the estimate is that somewhere between 3 % and 5 % of women in this country use nfp .
it is not high in most countries where women are educated and contraceptives widely available .
they represent a very small percent of catholic women and so represent a view held by only a very small percent of women who have the choice .
i do not say that women who use nfp should be excluded .
read my comment again .
i think women who use nfp and find value in their marriages and in their lives from doing so have their own story to tell , a viewpoint that also needs to be talked about and shared .
but it is a minority viewpoint for most women , including catholic women , in countries where contraceptives are widely and easily available .
what should not be ignored any longer is the huge majority of catholic women and their catholic husbands who do not accept nfp as a reasonable method for managing family size , the timing of children , and even assuring the health of the woman .
flushed with victory after normalizing trannies exposing children to drag queens queer leftie freaks are now cooking up rationales for why it okay to touch kids down there toddlers understand the concept of consent see this video proves it what are you some kind of ageist bigot
it is n't that people should n't come out , especially if that 's what they want .
life can be very hard .
if i was out 10yrs ago i know there are several field jobs i would have missed , or could have been beat up .
drugged up red necks are not the most stable group .
if you have a support system of friends & co - workers who will be there for you then it will be easier .
to all those who have come out the rest of us are grateful .
we wish we could do the same .
we love our queer side , we also love our kids & having a safe place to sleep at night .
a white man callin me brotha is way more offensive than them just callin me a nigger
death from supernatural is the best looking ugly guy i 've ever seen
happy pride month everybody !
did you know that we 're having a little competition to see who can write the best self post about men 's issues through an lgbtq+ lens ?
we 're even giving out reddit gold as a prize .
see [ this post](url for more details . *
i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically .
please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message / compose/?to=/r / menslib ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
@khurafatichopra @indianexpress sikkimese people are indians as well & it is pertinent that their conviction that nobody can get away by making anti - india statements of such nature , be it a sitting minister , is strengthened further .
i express my heartfelt gratitude that you took the time to
of course he said ' no ' to you .
men are shallow and weak - minded - you 're not going to get a boyfriend unless you wear high heels instead of your converse and low - cut tops instead of your t - shirts , and stop acting so independent , nerdy , and intelligent .
start acting like a proper girl or get used to being alone .
good little sluts suck their daddy 's dick after he covers their face in his cum :) url
i 'm not a misandrist but men have crybaby meltdowns in record time when you challenge them on their bullshit why so irrational
i have bought three dresses on this trip they are all white and black i guess the lesson to be learned is that unconscious patriotism practicality
trans rights !
hell yeah
it 's a behavioral impulse control dis - order .
to fix it , you have to first understand what that means from a first person point of view .
it 's an inside job .
you replace behavior w other behavior .
treatment is one of the biggest scams put out there .
it actually keeps the addict in perpetuity and gives the treatment wonks their own sense of helplessness .
less then 10 % of truly addicted people ever get clean .
it 's not easy but it 's more fun then being the rat always looking for some cheese .
isis will be marching into damascus soon 

 way to go
not every forecast and opinion is a trading opportunity , you have to define and manage risk otherwise you 're just gambeling . #
tradetip
joseph joestar saying holy shit but sped up rlly fast and repeated over and over and over and over and o
notice how no one ever gives male gymnasts shit for being less flexible than female gymnasts , or says men ca n't play piccolo or some shit
< user > < user > will ubi if passed apply only to citizens or immigrants on visas too
so are you still bi ?
what does evan think ?
you 'd better not put that on your facebook profile , ok ?
and do n't say anything to your dad .
i would so fuck her
if i had a dollar for every gender there was ... i 'd have 1.75 and a shit ton of counterfeits
trump goes out of his way , every single day , to prove he is not only the worst man ever to sit in the oval office , but one of america 's worst people , period .
i 'm not surprised at some of the comments here .
i wonder what it would be next week if iran leaked the rnc and trumps email .
what 's a little hacking between friends , right ?
" spurring someone on to some act of reconciliation . "
this from the man who refuses to apologize for lying about me .
rd , you are a hypocrite .
then there are the ones who gave it up or kept silent about being raped and got left in the dust anyway natasha henstridge species and grace lee whitney yeoman rand from star trek tos for example
only sucking one of those niggas dicks so we need to focus .
this is what happens when you let gays marry
this kind of meeting always makes me wonder if the church is going to divide into patriarchies based on language , geography or nation on the orthodox model .
if they do , it certainly leads to many solutions to some of the doctrinal questions like celibacy and female ordination - and hopefully better understanding on host nation political practices and law ( like abortion as a constitutional v. legislative issue ) .
i suspect that the members of the council will be the first group of patriarchs .
if you want to come hang out with some fun trans people we all up in here : url
tell that to little boys and girls who were raped and sexually abused in residential schools who have suffered all their lives from toxic stress and lateral violence .
go ahead tell them .
public expression of dismay with her positions and her attitude is perfectly reasonable .
good for the people who spoke up .
you make us bengalis proud 😂 😂 its in the blood my man !
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
you need to earn my cum first , slut .
you need to show that you appreciate the male body enough by licking my asshole clean .
then i 'd let you suck my cock .
then i 'd rape your asshole .
then i 'd fuck your cunt .
then i 'd titfuck your big cow udders and finish by covering them with my cum .
if you 're enthusiastic enough as i use you , i 'd let you clean my cock .
billie sounds like she is the one with testicles
you are defending this dumb shit for creating the illusion that i should somehow care because i was raised mormon or that i am a kike because i was born into a mormon family oblige me with that retard level logic and just add to the dumpster fire
but , these fans seem to forget that the fascist emperor donald trump is about to plunge us into wwiii .
idiots all .
i love in jordan and we 're all muslims and hidaya is 90 % more religious than any people here , i just wanted to say the her parents did a great job of raising her and keeping her in here religion
but just because it is illegal and — as much as i hate it — have very bad punishments does not mean that all arabs think the lgbt community is bad some tolerate some support in silence just like everyone else the topic is quite irrelevant though but it
paybacks a bitch .
terror in paris - right now ... luckily it seems there is no fatalities # paristerrorfail - for more info check out paul joseph watsons twatter account .
@lilnasx single handily beat racism .
canada is getting cucked hard .
we need to get rid of this fool asap .
i am gon na guess that a disproportionate amount of pantifa street violence is being done by blacks and mystery meat shock troops the white pantifa traitors are with few exceptions soyboys and amateur porn starlets the left has always leveraged nagger impulsivity media complicity to their ends
male redditor describes a female pressured by her friends to lose her virginity , told her he was n't ready and tried shoving her away , but she forced herself upon him , other redditors point out he was raped and the thread snowballs how females ca n't rape [ r / askreddit ]
that is fucking wild .
they talk about chistianized indians , then the next paragraph talk about the " barbaric " indians killing 2 children .
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
bitches sick behind a nigga
hi @louis_tomlinson , ur selfless ways and genuine heart never ceases to inspire me , thanks for all that you do .
mind following me ? —
40,551
he 's the real pm though , he 's taking tater tot on a journey with him .
i despise this man .
forever lean stripper pole bitch this nigger purple sprite
buffalo wings and chicken fingers are clear evidence that genetic modification has been going on for decades without any major side effects .
australia : lgbt bullying in police force prompts restructuring|news|telesur url
" if you do nt " " chase em you replace em " " why you hating and taking credit for something that did n't involve your opinion & # 129300 ; "
rt @_xxrehana : damn disgusting i wanna cry https://t.co/gavmojoilr
i insert my powerful cock into your moms asshole for full penile penetration .
then i absolutely destroy your moms asshole , to the the point that her buttcheeks rip apart into two separate pieces .
i do n't believe in quotas .
i think you either make it , or you do n't .
ca n't pay for that thousand dollar top or bottom surgery ?
well no worries my trans friends ! !
jump right in !
visitors go to paris because of the greenbelt ? ? ?
i thought maybe the tourists wanted to see the art and the monuments to culture ?
( the louvre , notre dame cathedral and most of the other buildings on " ile de la cite " , and all the exhibits on both sides of the seine nearby .
etc . )
the art is there   mainly because , historically , the french royalty spent money on palatial decorations and monuments .
our governments spend money on social issues .
but how does " attracting international tourists " make a city into a good place to live ?
consider the phrase :   " nice place to visit , but i would n't want to live there . "
again , the catholic church - and the religious orders therein - are called out for protecting predators ... but when will the language be changed to include all forms of abuse by priests and bishops ?
confining the problem to sexual abuse leaves the door wide open for a host of other abuses by these men , which often happen to the victims after the reporting is done , or in " stand alone " situations which have nothing to do with sex , but which are equally traumatic for the victims . (
victims of emotional abuse by priests , on facebook )
< user > in < number > yrs compassion to muslims has never worked the ungrateful refugees and terrorist prove it still has not changed but it would not be islam if it did
prophet muhammad once said,"a strong man is the one who can control himself when he is angry ” .
this hateful , bitter woman can no longer control herself , spewing venom and rage   at broadly - based social groups , invoking her own form of oppression   and suffering , all gussied up with self - righteous proclamations of emancipation for the masses .
this woman is angry and she is hateful .... hate crimes are illegal in canada , so what does that make her ?
at the very least a violator of her own muslim religion .
demonizing any group irrespective of their color , religion , gender , sexual preference etc . ...
that 's hateful .
time to drag her backside in front of a hate crimes tribunal .
just because you wo n't condemn your fellow leftist brownshirts does n't mean that they should n't be condemned for bringing violence to a situation where there was no violence before their appearance .
i turn your virgin daughter into a cum slut but don't worry she stays a virgin - pov countless load cum eating cuckold humiliation url # cuckolding # clips4sale url
the cbc is required more than since ... the 1950 's .
give , but maybe with the condition of replacing every news producer at their radio department .
if their people have had enough , then they should oust their own government .
big fuckin deal both papa johns and the nfl are absolute shit for bugmen get a real friggin pizza and stop watching niggers play with their balls
< user > my fellow men please stop being cucks it our job to protect women not to let them get raped and exploited by the kikes and negros in the name of tolerance
i would beat the fuck out this bitch wtf youn do no shit like that in front of a child url
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
http://www.libertyheadlines.com/bbc-censors-allah-interview-muslim-terrorism/?aid=7236 

 man !
even the bbc gets in on the action .
oh well .
just got ta pay attention i guess .
i 'm making a goal to go to my asexual friends and let them know that they 're valid <3
here 's another case of when a white man does something heinously wrong , marginalization , mitigation , and making excuses for his conduct becomes the order of the day from other white men .
i can only imagine what would be said by this horrible creature , if it had been a 30 - something black man had done this to a 14 year old white girl ?
would he quote the bible as a defense ?
this is madness exposed !
why is justin bieber like a shotgun ?
give him a cock and he 'll blow .
fine , all these white people are racists , y all better arm yourselves and fight them to the death .
so they 're going to make it more appealing with lots of naughty words in their pro feminist , pro ethnic minority t"her"minator , complete with the lgbt-1000 .
lmfao a pakhtoon thinks babur , ghori are his ancestors .
🤣 🤣 your ancestors are flipping in their graves .
peace be upon them !
why in < number > < number > were there black refugees from south africa allowed in us did you know that will try and get the link
now you 're taking advice michael moore ?
good luck with that ...
she a he and it a kike
here 's one way that chimp society is better than human society .
> white men evolution does n't care about your race or gender or even species , it wants you to reproduce as much as possible regardless .
@theofficertatum i 'm normally with you in the trans gender issue but this is a very tricky situation .
she / he has an extremely rare condition .
i have sympathy for her .
she did n't one day decide she wanted to be a girl .
[ because](url [ it's](url [ incorrect](url there 's a shitton of evidence to the contrary .
you ca n't keep parroting a claim that happens to unduly affect brown people with no evidence and act as if you 're * not * being racist .
even if your ignorance on the issue is n't borne specifically out of racism , that you 're willing to assume that to be the case , and use it as the basis for discussion for decreasing * all * immigration from non-"shithole " countries ( i.e. norway and other western and largely white countries ) , your end result as potus is perpetuating racism .
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
i have a best friend ? *
i have a sister ? ? ? * * *
i 've interacted with that many more dudes than the handful of elderly , gay , and/or disinterested coworkers i remember ? ! ? * *
wow , there 's so much i did n't know about myself !
i almost feel like a lady gappy !
transgender how could anybody date a transgender person they want you to accept them for who they are when they could n't accept themselfs for who they are .
plus it 's nasty
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
we need more gender non conforming transfemme people .
do what you want and be your best self !
we 're all rooting for you :)
they got ta retire first .
@gilbertkays the israelis & rwandese govts are still pursuing doers of genocide decades on & rightly so , in time a new zim must nip this cycle of violence in the bud by bringing in all culprits to justice , no matter how old , young , low or high they are and for as long as it takes # shownomercy url
my real experience with girl for you guys [ removed ]
the h with that .
both are children yes i talk to men about ideas i talk to women in funny animal videos
" as a bi woman , people ask , ' when did you know ? '
i want to ask when they knew they were straight .
but i understand the question underneath it .
when did i see myself represented in society ?
when did i understand my sexuality ? "
@bustle # representationmatters url
cost of renting limos is about $ 150 per hour , and they hold 8 people .
5 limos are needed to shuttle 40 people .
say 2 hours a day , roughly 250 working days in a year .
$ 375 k per year ... there 'd be jut enough left over to turn my garage into a gym .
maybe i 'll set this up ... i 'm going to go see the neighbours .
save on the $ 700 / month downtown parking pass .
new people should lurk / comment for atleast a month before they attempt to make a post 
 there is so many fakecels and newcels that have been making stupid posts with accounts that are less than a week old .
not surprisingly , ambrose wants to follow trump 's lead , whatever it is , by turning back the clock on the liberal 's initiatives .
what is new ?
i think antifa blm and the rest of the culturalmarxists that use violence to shut down people exercising the 1 stamendment really take advantage of the fact that we do not stoop to their level we need creative ways to counter though minus the violence
but they get better results than oregon who spends more money per pupil .
we really do n't need the sales tax and have voted it down nine times .
we can solve oregon 's budget problems by amending the income tax to make sure that everyone pays something .
i would start with the following : ( 1 ) end the $ 195 personal exemption ; ( 2 ) eliminate deductions for federal income taxes paid ; ( 3 ) eliminate the state 's version of the eitc ; ( 4 ) repeal the kicker so the state keeps all the money it collects .
sadly , this still would n't solve the state 's spending problem .
i was with you up to the conspiracy business .
you do n't need a " higher , elusive power "   o"leary is one of the media 's own .
he 's been on tv for years and while many do n't particularly like him they know him and want to talk about someone they know .
combine this with serious political commentary on kl and it provides him with a lot of free publicity .
the media ca n't help it : they 're entertainment - he 's entertainment - they 're a natural fit .
negative or positive it keeps his name before the public eye .
i do not know what i d prefer to see happen to owen him thrown off a roof by a moslem refugee or to suffer a long agonizing death by aid
so ozil turns up in a game against a team sitting 15th and he 's currently goat again ...... fuck off , they 're 15th for a reason
go back to your vox cave you gigantic faggot
i 'm the only one that do n't like the get down .
i just do n't have the patience for the main character .
dude mad annoying
when everything is going accordingly the enemy always try to come creep up on you but i ai nt havin it ! !
buhh byee
this country has no president .
we 're on auto - pilot while a man - child bully plays president .
you losers wish you could fuck me like my boyfriend does but ur dick is nonexistent and ur gross and i would n't get near you with a 10 foot pole unless you were paying me 🤢 # cuckold # denial
get armed and get trained , they are literally pushing for a genocide against us .
what is the dumbest thing you have heard blamed on the patriarchy ?
dialectic 

 trying to pass one another on the 
 same side of the sidewalk , 
 then both moving to 
 the other side , 
 and so forth
all i care about is making sure people who refuse to work have to pay too .
an income tax does not make lazy people carry their fair share of the cost of essential services .
why did i go to the gay club in florida ?
to get shots
many of us have tried to explain that right wing does not always equate to white supremacy they stuck their fingers in their ears and said la la la la fuck it we are all white supremacists now unitetheright charlottesville
hmmm .
all the places that voted for goldilocks .
blame the immigrants and people of color .
anyway i 'm glad there are no reports of anyone losing their lives .
reason for incels to live # 1 
 you never have to deal with finding out someone is a dirty tranny after you put your cock in their inside out wiener
why that lady say so called " white privileged . "
when i was growing up in new york city , most of the white kids did cray things almost more than black kids .
if a white kid is stopped by police , they will get 10 times be vetted less than a black kid .
overall , senator gillbrand made a valid point .
i appreciate it
" the globe and mail leads with 19 national newspaper award nominations " 

 ---------- 

 how ?
are there 19 new categories for best trump attack du jour ?
you knowingly voted for a man , who thinks it 's ok to grab women by the pussy and think the republican party has any moral authority to stand on ?
professional magic : the gathering player receives lifetime ban for sexual assault
' 
 make amerika goldman ( sachs ) again .
.
.
how to resist trump , … something for everybody ,   … practical actions everyone can join in on .
complete and comprehensive manual available here : 

 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dzoz3y6d8g_mnxhnmjyaz1b41_cn535au5usn7lj8x8/preview # 

 '
this is a thoughful article but the globe and mail still does n't " get it " .
we " might " know someone who works in a cannabis production facility someday ?
we all know someone now who grows or sells cannabis !
where does the globe and mail think all the weed we 've been smoking comes from ?
canada is a thriving epicenter of the global cannabis trade .
it 's up to the government whether they want to bring these jobs and businesses into the legal economy , where they can contribute tax and other financial benefits to society .
or , they can continue the failed , vindictive crusade - racist crusade - of the past 90 years .
sneaky hoes http://t.co/ypqpmdpfgg
@imrankhanpti thankyou sir for rebuilding our hindu temples in pak .
when you 're thinking about our ( your)hindus , you 're also thinking our culture too.@narendramodi @vhpap
while i can not comment on mg 's circumstances but i 've had to go through a scanner / pat down that the tsa did n't have in anchorage for the last sixteen years .
maybe the last eight or so .
i did n't have to worry about any electronics except for my camera film to be exposed / damaged and now i have to deal with separate inspection most important at border entry points where cbp / tsa can and have asked to see it powered up ( and possibly request unlocked ) .
also , the tsa was n't much of a presence in train stations until the last few years as well .
every time i stand in one of those scanners and cross my hands above my head i recall franklin 's words ( paraphrase due to limit ) , " those who trade liberty for security deserve neither . "
the terrorists won when they significantly changed not only how we enjoy our liberties , like commercial airlines , but also how we think about them .
i 'm staring at that bowl cursing myself for leaving engineering and going into npo which does not allow me to purchase ridiculous things .
my life is fucking crazy and always on the run ! & #
128576 ; — feeling crazy
good thing she can not you are still a cuck and she still a coal burner aka nigger lover
while black african ghetto trash disrespect it
do not blow your horn at me cuz you can not drive bitch
on a pasta sauce recipe being passed down in my family , grandma ( to sister ): : someday your mom will teach you how to make it !
grandma ( to brother and me ): : and she 'll teach your wives how to make it too .
i 'm 16 , male .
my brother has shown an interest in cooking .
why ?
because the rest of humanity does n't share your blinkered views ?
every day i read disparaging comments about white males , but i can keep an open mind and not write off contrary views as racist and bigoted .
the decline of manufacturing has hurt women 
 heroin robbed tracey kemper - hermann of her husband , and sometimes she misses him most when she ’s trying to start her lawnmower .
i 'm going to say this again , perhaps you will read and understand it this time ?
in order for an obstruction of justice crime to be committed , there does n't have to be an investigation against the person who committed the obstruction .
endeavoring to interfere or influence any investigation of anyone ( and especially using the power of his office to do so ) is obstruction of justice .
now , is there anything about this that you still .
do n't understand ?
comey , who served multiple presidents from both parties , a law enforcement professional testifying under oath , ca n't be trusted ?
but a man who is proven to be lying the majority of time he opens his mouth , can ?
you 're going to have to find someone way more naive and gullible than me to try to sell that load of manure .
walk into my house as a criminal and i wll be scared for my life .
no maybes there , that would honestly terrify me .
ohhh , i did n't read about treaty debate .
i only saw that the pipeline said there were no findings of tribal artifacts .
the plot thickens
alright , gay fag
jedi mike jedi mike < number > hours ago i wonder if these thugs listening to rap songs in the locker room that glorify violence that wud be awesome to get that out it wud destroy there stupid protest ﻿
pretty soon the usa will be overrun by gangs , shitbags like the cunt in this story , junkies , and just plain assholes .
ionn got no type bad bitches is the only thing that i like
and all because , like otto from a fish called wanda , they do n't want anyone calling them stupid .
fsm forbid someone should ever describe donnie 's base accurately .
bitter clingers , angry white men , deplorables , etc ... it makes them clutch their pearls and then head to the polls to prove what the opposition says about them .
smh .
follow @onwardchristiansoldier for solid faith based posts still relevanf in today ’s culture wars .
why is it more expensive ; 

 http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/ 

 " there are fewer physicians per person than in most other oecd countries .
in 2010 , for instance , the u.s. had 2.4 practicing physicians per 1,000 people — well below below the oecd average of 3.1 .
" u.s. physicians get higher incomes than in other countries and the u.s. uses more expensive diagnostic procedures .
more generally , with so many different kinds of insurance , no one organization has a strong incentive to cut out wasteful practices and ensure that all americans get value for the very high levels of expenditure incurred when they are sick . "
" the u.s. system is known for over - testing and over - treating , everything from ct scans and mris , knee replacements to coronary bypasses .
http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries/
abraham himself was evil why are they not his seed just because the jews reject something does not make it not theirs look at you you are a white man rejecting traditional european faith does that suddenly make odin not a white god
@abninefive @imbackmaybe faggots
i went to buy some new socks today and a couple of t - shirts .
serious question for trans people .
does anyone know any international trans rights organisations who hold the position that trans women are not women ?
we 've had debates in parliament about the access hollywood tape , president trump 's travel ban , the charlotesville incident & the las vegas shooting , but trump tweeting britain first ' is getting involved in our politics ... '
start charging people for the rescue cost .
mgtow guy we are not women haters we are women understanders hmm interesting might work for jews just as sobran counter semite does leave out the we are not of course i am not i am weak any contruction
this is par for the course for " because it 's 2017"-style activism to the point that traditionally " liberal " writers and thinkers are being sacrificed at the alter for not " checking their privilege " or kow - towing to the sjw cause du jour .
if you are white , heterosexual , and male ( cis ) - sit down , shut up , and feel shame .
the only reason you could be in a position of power is because of your colonial past and you should resign immediately so someone who is not affiliated with systemic oppression can lead for a change ( read - not male , not heterosexual , and preferably not white ) .
my coworker told me he was a pansexual & amp ; explained to me what that meant ... i feel him .
that 's dope
i understand that media literacy is a problem , that much is clear just within this discussion .
i 'm not saying that to slight any of you , the media is a complicated business .
way to go ahmed maybe all sand niggers are not completely wo their uses it like i always say my war will be on the last semite standing
devastated to hear of fatality during # ipwr .
goddamn it , not mike .
god f*cking damn it .
< user > either failed in english or a faggot on these streets me i can not reply to such a stupid message tbh
why change the context of the trial and pretend you 're presenting a similar case ?
if a male much larger than you held you down and tried to force his penis into your anus - would it be improper for the judge to ask why you just could n't keep your buttocks together ?
paul , you are just repeating talking points , find the truth , i predict a huge swing away from the dem .
party with the inner city voters , all citizens .
folks are getting fed up with being used and taken for granted , although there are still those who refuse to open their minds and look at results , preferring to just fall lock step in with hollow words spoken from their party leaders .
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/05/us/politics/young-blacks-voice-skepticism-on-hillary-clinton-worrying-democrats.html?_r=0 

  “ what am i supposed to do if i do n’t like him and i do n’t trust her ? ”
a millennial black woman in ohio asked . “
choose between being stabbed and being shot ?
no way ! ”
“ she was part of the whole problem that started sending blacks to jail , ” a young black man , also from ohio , observed about mrs. clinton .
“ he ’s a racist , and she is a liar , so really what ’s the difference in choosing both or choosing neither ? ”
another young black woman from ohio said .
what do you call a sitcom about caitlyn jenner and her mexican roommate ?
juan and a half man .
i know its like a hide and go seek game this white flight stuff .
had like < number > followers when gab was cool now its like what the fuck am i doin here nigger
obviously did not read the article .
no where in the various cultures that have it do they refer to it as a sport .
sad to see someone make such bold comment with such an uneducated viewpoint .
e3 gamer girl missing for 24 hours , sleuthing finds she spent night at hotel with some tyrone(s )
how is this , lefty ?
hillary clinton strategist bob beckel appeared on on fox calling for the assassination of julian assange — a blatant urge for violence against the wikileaks founder in direct contradiction of every possible natural and government law .
wikileaks , of course , has published several damning caches of documents showing clinton in none - too - favorable light — including emails from her controversially - employed private server as well as communications from the dnc which proved her campaign colluded with mainstream media .
“ i mean , a dead man ca n’t leak stuff , ” beckel chillingly noted of assange . “
the guy ’s a traitor , a treasonist , and … and he has broken every law in the united states .
the guy ought to be — and i ’m not for the death penalty — so , if i ’m not for the death penalty , there ’s only one way to do it , illegally shoot the son of a bitch . ”
everyone has great comments on this subject .
the bottom line though , is we do n't have living wage jobs .
those 8000 units going up in kakaako benefit no one on the ground in honolulu .
developers should have a choice , they do n't want to put low - cost housing units in their building , they have to buy the lot next door and build the required 30 % on it , and pay for all the maintenance on it .
the homeless and near homeless do n't need parking stalls so they 're getting off cheap .
50 years ago integrity was something that palpable , no one even knows what that means today .
i just think coinbase is looking for quick , consumer ready , already adopted to popular online stores , and has a presence in the usa , seems like what they 've been doing , i do n't know that ripple is that yet
gosh !
you suck 🤮 .
learn to use coherent emojis .
i hope you are n't this bad in bed with your(~~significant other~~)self .
i could totally see you masturbating to the thought of sucking your own dick in front of a mirror ! (
after each post you make here )
" the one that has us in the creed possibly claiming that christ died only for those reciting the creed ( because " men " is likewise a four letter word ) ? "
men is not a four - letter word .
i am personally quite fond of many men .
but i do n't feel included when people speak of men .
what wrong with " christ died for all " ?
actually , the pharisees would tell your son that moses says he could grant the first wife a bill of divorce .
" @arizzleindacut : females think dating a pussy is cute now ?
http://t.co/vxbjg26gsz " how does doing this stuff make him a pussy ?
muh brown people
< user > the people have an average iq of moron these people have an average iq higher than that of the average negro by only < number > points
the shooter should pay for this !
was the hospital negligent and what did police sgt .
allen brandt 's doctors say at the press conference , what happened that caused the death ?
thon maker is proof the 1 year of college rule is dumb .
for some people it does nt make sense and they can develop so much more in the nba
lol staring people down ?
really .
wow so violent .
i 've yet to see a video where a trump supporter who was unprovoked pinged somebody .
i 've seen it non stop with the left and antifa   crowd though .
i saw a trump supporter punch a trump hater at a rally but he was spit on .
i 'd be throwing the same punches if spit on as well .
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
< user > < user > zionist jews are courting their own destruction by christian zionists that is a disturbing irony
north korea has perhaps painted itself further into a corner .
now it claims the ability to arm these missiles with nuclear munitions ; therefore , with flight times measured in minutes , it would only be prudent to take north korea at their word and respond accordingly as we would with any nation who launches a missile toward us or an ally of ours .
when i originally wrote this story , i had a small paragraph that hinted as to what needs to be done .
here is a general sense of the framework that needs to be installed .
https://medium.com/@sunilsingh_42118/11-unrealistic-ways-to-improve-math-education-daa4fdedd82a
i 'm just asking you about the words you claimed are fruity and gay , and how they 're fruity and gay .
you have not yet answered that question .
i 'm starting to believe you ca n't .
there will be men women and children from many backgrpunds there , sharing a common goal , so do nt make assumptions .
i am no hillary supporter here , below middle class income , and think the democrats are corrupt for ousting bernie .
this rally has nothing to do with hillary .
it is for the reason stated , anti - bigotry anti - discrimination and standing up for the rights of the oppressed .
wealthy and privileged ?
wromg group , you must be thinking of trump and his cabinet .
and bitch all of 15 secs what was you on ?
not shit bitch stfu you on here acting tuff bitch gone
welcome to gab a site full of people who are so disgusted by ghetto culture that they use ghetto slang all the time mind the thot police 👮 ‍ ♀ ️
a
too many of us dying for no reason that shit could ve been prevented she was a trigger happy ass white bitch
so wonderful to see the fish responding even faster than expected .
salmon and trout are tough , hard driving fish .
if it 's physically possible to get further upstream , they will .
i hope the ban on fishing until 2019 is long enough to ensure a healthy , growing population .
i wish 1 of u # racistpresident following # xenophobic # misogynist # bigoted cowards would approach my # white # hillbilly # liberal ass + talk cash sh*t of # hate 2 my face !
i guarantee it will be the last time u attempt 2 intimidate someone ! #
unichs u will be !
+ ur bigot bitch 2 !
url
so she 'd have had it made if she was a white male .
females and people of color need not apply .
asian girls sees a chad ... 
 np.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/60q4vb/asian_girls_see_a_body_builder/ 

 suicide fuel right here .. chad privilege much ?
gee .... you know what ?
you 're right .
using your logic , consider all the evil that a guy like george soros does all around the world with his evil , self - aggrandizing , liberal agenda .
he 's a " rich white guy " who has brought nothing but bad news in the wake of his political and social beliefs .
would you say the same about him ?
funny how liberals always put a conservative in the box defined by color & race .
no problem there , huh ! ?
but the moment i would say that obama did more harm to our country that only historians in the future will truly see in context , you would likely call me out as a racist and/or fascist .
how does that work for people like you ?
in your world , only white people can be a racist .
amazing ? !
while you say you​ are not " calling out ... all rich , white males " , the fact is you did !
it 's precisely what you did .
think before printing !
two small ( nothing to do with physicality ) men in expensive suits having a stupid squabble at the level their intelligence dictates .
aah , such statesmen they are !
i ca n't wait for 2020 either .
watching you children having another tantrum when trump wins again is going to be fun .
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
woman : caitlin jenner is so beautiful !
man : well , it 's a good thing you look just like her !
woman : * offended *
oh , cutie !
@_vmmvr2 @ashmeigosman i hope they put you all in a misogynistic men holocaust
we will need to elect leaders who are willing to reduce the size , scope , and cost of government or be stuck with those who are willing and desirous of taking our pfd and taking more $ from ordinary alaskans through new tax schemes ( that would be the pilfering governor , the pilfering house democratic minority which includes seaton stutes and ledoux , and most of the senate majority ) .
who is willing to stand up for ordinary alaskans who want the rest of our 2016 pfd returned to us , the 2017 pfd fully funded , and do not want to be financially burdened by new tax schemes ?
rt rdunbar83 : rt yorkshiremesmac : our comms coordinator has been doing interviews this afternoon talking about how important diversity is in the lgbt+ community and how important pride is .
# leeds # leedspride # lgbt url
bisexual people do n't exist .
gay people just say that so they can walk down the hall with a girl holding hands .
no surprise here .
republican men in congress hate women and live to figure out ways to control them .
it 's all about controlling and subjugating women .
if republican men could get pregnant , there would be an abortion clinic next to every starbucks .
people here who suggest that the united states government pays for abortions are lying .
period .
republicans can not govern .
donnie hall continues his " shuckin and jivin " , trying to explain how the clallam gop 's arrearage plan will provide jobs , ample money for junior taxing districts , and a better economic environment for clallam county .
all without having to work with those pesky democrats and republicans that are working on a national level and actually appear to be doing the heavy lifting on bringing new timber technology ( http://www.stateforesters.org/news-events/blog/support-timber-innovation-act#sthash.xwfizjlv.dpbs)and an olympic peninsula forest collaborative   that works with all stakeholders   ( pt leader , 7/13/16 ) to our area .
mr. hall does provide a venue in which voters can see how the a clallam county gop state committeeman tries to gain votes .
donnie has promised a big payoff if we elect randy johnson .
no facts , no cites , no references to the world as it is , just promises of more " pie in the sky " .
mr. johnson deserves better support .
what happened in last election ?
# retweet if this should be your cock url
it proves the invitation to come to the united states was made by the previous presidents .
so they came .
< user > can i share your tweet with the uyghur muslim brothers in china or with brothers from the ahmeddiya community
💩 straight men doing it in the butt 💩 doing it in the gay hole makes you at least a little bit more than < number > gay does not it c mon be honest
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
< user > if bitchslapping means ridiculing telling them off am all for it they ought to start by taking a 🔴 red pill and be asked what their position on the migrant gang rape of a defenseless women in a wheelchair is ⛈
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
i said that ghetto trash like emminem is in at the moment and my acct got blocked i signed in an deleted my account tired of being lectured and censored while ghetto trash is allowed < number > speak freely
green nigger on standby ready to bring freedumb to iranians
if u r my girl , i m a be ur # 1 fan & amp ; hype u up 24/7 .
if u r ever feeling sad just send me a selfie .
i 'll gas u up til u feel like a princess
and do not get me wrong either i only have a few muted i did not enjoy another clown telling me that sharia was the only way and women should submit or die i do not have time for that shit especially with a household full of ladies including the cat
if ever a swamp needed draining .
here 's how it works in my eyes .
if you 're ok killing someone who has done no harm to you or your family i 'm more than ok killing you .
good thing i did n't follow my original dream of becoming a cop .
these nazi mofos need to be wiped off the planet .
you support the death penalty for homosexuals ok then grab a gun and start with yourself nazi homo faggot and this is actually you taking it up the ass you really should not take gay pornographic pictures of you with your boyfriends
trolls : how did your putin become a billionaire on his kgb pension ?
how has he become president for life of the so - called " russian federation " ?
just asking .
what is the difference between " involuntary " and " forced " ?
if the decision to circumcise the child is made before the child can give their own consent then you could say the decision was " forced " on them . [ ... ]
there is a law that protects women , it 's only fair that men have that equal protection .
in future , i need to just block or mute any convos that involve drawing lines between " cis lesbian " and " trans man "
i have a small question 
 pardon my ignorance , but what does veteran 's affairs have to do with men 's rights ?
can i say ghetto rat on here because i got put in twitter jail for calling a guy a ghetto rat after he called me a white privilege cracker nothing happened to him though nope not a thing
selling spike shoes spring shoes climbing gloves and a cape
i miss triggered normies in the comments 
 it 's a lot calmer around here when we are private and it 's a nice change of pace , but i really do miss pissing off normies .
local tried trans mom , can relate .
😑
men lack such self - awareness @3umarzf women are so complicated . #
notsexist
my real experience with girl for you guys [ removed ]
@pervyahjussi thank god i 'm a what ? ? ? ?
bitch i 'm gon na k!ll you disgusting creep jobless sweaty smelly sumo underwear piece of crap bottom of the barrel trash hoe swine stupid motherfxcker brainless ass degenerate man
a fire - damaged chelsea tractor stood at the foot of staner court , overlooked by large cracks .
i sighed deeply .
but , these fans seem to forget that the fascist emperor donald trump is about to plunge us into wwiii .
idiots all .
+ uhlbelk i agree , but it would nt alter what i watch on youtube and tv , i can empathise with the lgbt community , but when i ask questions i do nt get answers
men should all die in a fire honestly they are a threat to the world
my invisible friends told me that the ny times anonymous sources are their invisible friends !
he 's waiting to hear which way and how hard the wind blows against it .
after that , it 'll depend who 's talking to .
" as a 35th - generation new mexican and a descendant of the original inhabitants of this continent , i say that the promise of our country is for everyone to find success , pursue happiness and live lives of equality .
this is the pueblo way .
it 's the american way . " -
@repdebhaaland url
racism should be ignored who cares if you 're black , yellow or normal .
general flynn , page and roger stone will be the ones to take the fall for the " russian connections " .
@kingjb27 @briannahyche i am tall and love tall women
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
a couple of comments : newt informed his wife who was dying of cancer that he was divorcing her ;   any man who does that disqualifies himself from commenting on whether another man is a pig .
second comment : republicans have developed a pavlovian response to any mention of the don being a pig ; it 's always followed by a reference to bill clinton ; yes -- clinton was a pig ; but he was n't a fool , like the don !
" you can not maintain a culture in poverty . "
yet the state refuses to allow east maui taro farmers access to the water that might make them wealthy ( waiwai ) .
in a nation that separate church and state , when do we allowed church to be a safe haven for any law breakers of any kind ?
no church should have the power to defy any authority at any level since that is a true invasion of religion power in our secular lives .
no matter which sides of the political aisle you may be on , this intrusion of religion should be considered as a threat .
all religious faiths , christian , muslim or whatever , must fall under secular authority when it come to the law .
if a christian church is allowed to practice its sanctuary tradition that can be traced back to the medieval time , who are we to say that the islamic sharia tradition do n't have the same rights ? ?
then we will have religious priority placed upon us all .
may it be a church , mosque , buddhist temple or whatever , it must always be under secular authority under the law .
< user > so you do not agree that a brown muslim who says that they hate white people makes things worse
< user > hey andy welcome to gab while < user > was screwing with our feed or putting us in time out andrew torba was creating this 1 a based platform like social media was meant to be lots of bird channel refugees about sure you will run into many more glad ur aboard
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
thank you for all your support , i have a great list that i am going to look into picking up .
what would she have gained from laying a false accusation ?
against a man she had known as a little girl when her family sheltered him and ronnie kasrils ?
a man she called " uncle " ?
our president is the worst kind of scum .
you do not live in america nazi faggot but you vote the young nazi boy faggot parties tho
i do n't have much to add that have n't been said , but i would like to say welcome garmgormius !
uh have you gotten a peek at michigan of late upstate ny did you know there are < number > muzzy civil rights groups functioning besides cair which has been determined to be a mb terrorist group connection
thanks jews how it started
" why people think gay marriage is okay is beyond me .
sorry i do n't want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an
" as a proud black man i use a word , that if uttered by a white person , makes me lose all earthly senses and revert back into chimpanzee mode "
i would have taken them down myself fucking queers have no business with the military break a finger nail high heel breaks run in the stocking the ass is not a vigina man sucking another man cock gulping his semen is 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 🤮 marines are not queer friendly aids hiv uncureable syphilis really pissed off blasphemy
statistical fact , more physical violence in lesbian relationships than any other and that mom .. what a weak ass parent .... weak , and ... where is the father ? ? ? ?
indeed , the man is an idiot for having risked losing his job for a little nostalgia .
now cue the trudeau haters to blow this out of proportion .
and without the financial resources of men 's football and men 's basketball and their financial supporters , including phil knight , you would n't be seeing it today .
as much as i oppose almost everything wall has done , i must give him credit for his longevity in office .
i did n't even think he would last two years , much less ten !
muslims and jews are allies
i hope pm simpleton does n't actually believe this claim .
just a little fib so little potato does n't get cold feet on the norsat or anbang deals .
your post lacks credibility , same for the reference links .
not an issue at all .
i think your tinfoil hat is on way to tight , cutting off circulation .
and you should quit watching the mel gibson movie , conspiracy theory every day .
lighten up and enjoy the world .
< user > ditto i do not know how white targeted retailers will stay in business once whites refuse to go out of fear i am not in the shoe industry but i would guess market research would show the market for rockport shoes amongst the ghetto folk to be less than robust
would some canadian patriot please maroon this faggot on an ice floe before he totally destroys your country
@stassi bullshit stassi .
you 're a beautiful woman , humble enough to fight for your friend , funny - which means you … https://t.co/a6ymgxkki4
" rt @uptokhalil : y all be like " " too bad i have no friends " " lmaoooo well that s too damn bad "
typical of what our " proud " indigenous people have allowed themselves to be nothing more than a bunch of hypocrits and hoodlums who want want the white man to apologize over and over again for their misfortune , when in fact it 's the indigenous people who are to blame for their misfortune and misery .
but they are too " proud " to accept reality .
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
i 'm a gay trucker who was gang raped .
racist much up here in alaska ?
thehighway wrote : “ this just shows how big of a joke blacklivesmatters is .
where is their support now ?
no outrage , no protests ?
the police just killed a man … hello … oh yeah blm is a joke and does n’t care if anyone else except black people guilty or not are killed by police .
a black kkk all for the destruction of police offices .
if blm were truly a just cause there would be supporters at the scene wearing their oh so special t - shirts … ” 

 so can you , “ thehighway , ” explain in your next comment why police nation wide try to confiscate videos made of what they have done , or why police   routinely harass photographers and steal memory cards from peoples cameras ?
wtf does blm have to do with any of that ?
educate yourself or you will remain a fool .
also , why do pos lie so often when they are deposed ( frequently loosing their jobs for purjury ) ?
why do n’t pos records follow them around when they are fired for cause ?
give me a break and head south asap “ highway man .
both drag culture and trans women would be far better off if we 'd shot rupaul into the sun 20 years ago .
this article and transgenderism   is an insult to most women .
these activists are totally destroying our society and the whole definition of man or woman or whatever .
your job should not be protected if your behaviour at work goes against the norm or is disruptive .
would anyone allow these people to adopt a child ?
imagine the messed up head that would create .
fuck everything .
back on the road .
< user > parties with leo room full of bad bitch and fine niggas
true that- 
 - 
 but the more time he spends prancing and preening for the cameras 
 - 
 - 
 the less damage he can do in ottawa
and we all know bisexuals are just on the road to being gay .
q : what do you call it when 4 black guys fuck a black girl ?
a : a foursome 


 q : what do you call it when 4 white guys fuck a black girl ?
a : law and order
well than fuck you ! ! !
lil bitch ca n't handle a real girl anyways tiny dick bitch ! ! !
what 's a klansman 's favorite type of cheese ?
white american
it 's funny how it 's always white people shooting up places but they 're the first to say they wanna deport mexicans bcs they 're " dangerous " and all " criminals " lmfaooo okay 🤡 url
< user > in the name of humanity iraqi refugees ask the whole world to be mercy with them standwithiraqirefugees
am not trying to be racist some of them mmg rude especially arabs mabuk tu takyah cerita la dah mabuk blh pulak drive 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️
if i fuck you we are locked in for life till im done with you .
if women would rather die single than be with you , your concern is misplaced dear .
url
i agree with you fully !
if this article 's readers know more than the current pope and all those before him , become episcopalian .
have your women priest there .
the catholic church is not a democracy .
public opinion and popular culture should never be the leader of the church .
i follow jesus not the whims and whining of man .
when gorsuch was nominated originally , the media had almost universal praise .
now that the liberal democrats have decided that gorsuch is not to their liking , the media is revisionist relative to their original positions .
i think that is funny .
i do n't visit fox so i do not address their positions .
if you tell me to get one of those weird hexa things i will never talk to you again .
< number > spews hate against normal heterosexual men < number > expects normal heterosexual men to white knight for her whenever she needs it
regarding " lonely woman " yes , involve herself in organizations but perhaps not a church .
i enjoy my church and it is important but ... many have gossips .
when living in denver my best friend linda and i attended together for years and i was a maid of honer in her wedding .
when they moved , i attended alone and some wives began speculating i was looking for a husband .
some of the single guys heard variations of that speculation .
during service a guy slid across to me and began flirting .
i whispered loud enough for all around me to hear , " who are you !
get lost ! "
the minister heard .
he took a second to force down a laugh and nodded at me .
the guy slithered away .
the gossips saw and were nice to me afterward but that was my last day .
i still saw friends who assured me it was only a few bad apples .
point being to " lonely woman " some churches have gossip mongrels who ruin it for young , decent women .
here 's an oldie but goodie for you gossips . "
do not bare false witness against your neighbor . "
< user > < user > racist scum who is also a threat to innocent citizens are embraced by deblasio horrible my prayers to this woman white black green yellow people should not go unchecked with this random violence hate
the fcc vote on net neutrality is expected to take place today during a meeting between 10:30 am and 12:30 pm et .
i will only see to respecting transgenders for there mental illness and that they need to go get a government ... and stay out of polical offices and schools influence and leadership ..
if you could summon mythical creatures , you ’d ...
a : : what do you want to do when you grow up ?
me : : i want to go to medical school , hopefully become a doctor .
a : : oh no , no , that 's too hard , you should be a nurse .
spiritual people believe in god too , just not the one that judges you and will send you to hell if you do n't follow his rules .
if you practice this stuff longer you 'll begin to understand god better
oh please there is no g20 without the usa and trump will never be agreeing to   anything on climate change other than to ignore the scam and focus on the economy
i hope isis kidnaps you , circumsizes you and sells you off as a slave
< user > < user > happy birthday muzzy 🐻
high school story # 1 : that time chad urinated on my drawing .
1 timothy 2:15     notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing , if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety .
the medical tax credit ( like most tax credits ) is based on the lowest tax rate , not your marginal rate .
so on that basis it is generally accepted that the lower income spouse will claim give the lower threshold .
for 2016 the threshold is the lower of 3 % of income or $ 2,237 .
meaning that the lower income spouse earning $ 50k can claim a 15 % credit on all expenses above $ 1,500 .
while the spouse earning $ 100 k can only claim a 15 % credit on all expenses above $ 2,237 .
which means by having the lower income spouse claim the credit they will receive a $ 110.55 higher tax credit ( 15 % x ( $ 2,237 - $ 1,500 ) .
so other than one spouse not having any taxable income to apply the tax credit , i am not aware of any scenario where the higher income spouse would claim the credit .
of course trump blames the black guy .
hurricane maria was the fault of puerto ricans .
the jews caused nazis .
blacks force themselves to be abused by the cops .
it 's about time start mass deportation now before it 's too late .
undeniably , a surprising number of latinos voted for trump ( blacks were about historically on par with previous presidential elections ) .
nevertheless , you fail to address the author 's questions , including how could so many " faithful " catholics vote for a man who called the pope " disgraceful " ?
i can only begin to imagine how the likes of raymond arroyo would have had a coronary if obama had said the same of benedict or jpii .
friday double your money acca   🚨 5.30pm ko !
⭐ ️ download betbull to get £ 100 in free bets !
stop missing the winners 👇 🏼 url 🔎 find me by searching ' thefootypster ' .
18 + url
dude .
@ashleysmashlaay and @rachellemaust video has me all kinds of fucked up&#128580 ;
lmfao yeah it was just a matter of time it will soon be a competition of overweight tattooed feminist lesbians with colored hair and excessive piercings the winner will be the one that virtue signals the hardest and is deemed most oppressed by straight white men
finished my last day ( for now ) as an sde ; monday will be the beginning of a trial period as a user experience designer .
yippee ! #
trialbyfire
we need less trashy boys in our life and more men
go to hell so you can go fuck lucifer some more you fucking tranny bitch
blacks are only < number > of the u.s .
population therefore black millionaires and billionaires like oprah samuel l jackson colin kaepernick and countless others confirm my point white america made these blacks extremely wealthy and yet sadly most millennial blacks believe the left lie that their opportunities for success are limited
professional magic : the gathering player receives lifetime ban for sexual assault
exhibitor : : excuse me , are you japanese ?
me : : sorry , no .
exhibitor : : where are you from ?
me : : oh , i 'm from san diego .
exhibitor : : well , what 's your nationality ?
me : : i 'm american .
exhibitor : : no , you know what i mean .
what 's your ... background ?
me : : ... i 'm filipina .
exhibitor : : oh .
i lived in japan for a few years .
i love anything asian .
at an international women 's festival .
after that the hardest part is dealing with the recoil .
ask reddit got hit up .
islam is een achterlijk discriminerend en gewelddadig rechts systeem dat seculiere democratische wetgeving vervangt en waarin geen enkele plaats is voor alles wat niet islamitisch is dat maakt islam een politieke ideologie die onaanvaardbaar is in onze samenleving
you 're a beta that has aids
the second woman she is a stupid homophobic bitch i fucking hate her i 'm bi and i 'm a kid fuck her
cummings schiff engel we are committed to protecting witnesses from harassment and intimidation and we expect their full compliance and that of the department of state
we should call hurricane irma uaf 175 then it will never land .
you are going to heaven furry faggot jk hell for you
and i 'd rather go to hell than be some kind of subhuman retard like you .
< user > just rent an illegal alien to translate
pathetic .
we now have what is essentially a schism .
i think i 'll stick with   the church of god , not bergoglio 's church of man ....
it 's not that i do n't like you it 's just your a nasty ass girl and i do n't fw that & # 129335;&#127995;‍ ♀ ️
anders breivik required < number > shots to kill < number > bernie bro at gop ball field fired < number > rounds < number > kills copenhagen moslem attack had < number > rounds fired with only one dead that was not the cartoonist target
lmfao i woke up in the middle of the night to niggas taggin me in a million stories talking bout am i the bitch for them fuck no baby
i have just added treblinka : by carlo mattogno , extermination camp or transit camp ?
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
@cerothstein i 'm a woman and i hold doors for people , i help them with their luggage on an airplane if needed and i let moms with littles go ahead of me in the grocery store .
we need more civility from all people to all people regardless of race or gender .
ca n't you just be a good person ? !
make america racist again !
mara
do n't be silly joshua boxed like a pussy , pussy ... pusy pussy pussy 🙄 🖕
lp , your letter to rg mailbag ,    12.22.16 ,   lynn porter claims the poor and minimum wage people are subsidizing the middle class and the wealthy , and that they are doing all the physical work that is keeping our society going .......... i call bull ....... 

 now ,   in her crusade for the homeless and minimum wage people she is threatening that they have enough votes   to shift elections ............. extremely unlikely as a lot of   poor and minimum wage people , do not vote ................... 

 lynn porter , you have stooped to a new   low ,   threatening ........
today i saw a guy who looks like elliot rodger 
 i almost bowed to him as an involuntary reflex .
< user > same for white nationalism and fascism that ’ you
what 's mind boggling is that republicans still worry about someone 's sexual orientation .
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
why he loves america he 's talking about people that hate america if you do n't like it here leave
< user > < user > jani look after baar afghan where < number > women were raped by us soldiers
murkowski is a jew first and foremost .
she will follow the agenda of the zio deep state and the ziomedia .
our founding fathers warned us against letting jews rise to positions of prominence in america .
we did n't listen and now we are paying the price   ...
that 's a girl 's toy .
cleared construction international pkwy tx < number > alt westbound tx < number > grapevine mills pky grapevine various lns blocked
twitter just made all the references to antifa bragging about sabotaging railways , vanish from the amtrak hashtag
period bitch !
cloudflare ray id : 34b6e41633642aeb • your ip : 185.78.132.74 • performance & amp ; security by cloudflare
being transgender is like changing teams in csgo once you switch you 'll get hated and kicked
can i just say , i love women of color representing democrats .
women are fantastic organizers and the fire and passion that they have from coming up in an american context is always so good .
rep. bass started with exact citations and is going on a fantastic and substantive thread .
sorry i 'm just jazzed from the squad lately .
spurious ?
now that 's funny !
you apparently would n't know the truth if it bit you in the proverbial anatomical area .
but that does n't seem to stop you from making false accusations .
aloha snackbar .
motivation for this crime is pretty clear .
seems like this story is buried .
whenever spider - man uses his webs to fight people , he is called a hero whenever i use my webs to fight people , they call the police and charge me for rape .
" i asked my sister to get my something while i was in the shower so she brings it to me and says , " " have fun " " and walks away "
equality is very important 😍
this dude said his homeboy has to pay 2000 in cs .
i fucking wish
when pres trump said " love it or leave it " it is a old saying that was used against the hippies when they were protesting the vietnam war .
now it is considered a racist comment ? ! !
what planet did these people warp speed from folks ?
someone wrote that the same people arguing that these girls should have to more effectively cover their midsections are the same people arguing that it is ok for young girls to have to put on a hijab .
i dunno .
in the first place , the hijab argument does not fit with the ten year old girl .
pre - pubescent girls are not required to cover their hair in most muslim traditions .
but in the second place , is there really no difference between , on the one hand , seeing a seventeen year old with hair reaching from her forehead to her shoulders , and , on the other hand , seeing a seventeen year old 's backside who is wearing thong undies under thin sheer leggings ?
i have a sneaking suspicion that , if you did a poll of all canadian mothers , more would be comfortable with seated middle - aged men admiring their teen daughter 's hair than with seated middle - aged men admiring their teen daughter 's thong - and - legging veneered backsides .
does that mean all those moms are just sexist and narrow - minded ?
@mittromney eat shit you cuck
any adequate incels to cope this ldar friday in discord chat or elsewhere ?
" @panelrific : let 's go 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 😃 "
it would not surprise me if obama was behind the nut cases that have shot up schools i have never trusted that man and his muslim ties
i felt bad ... ca n't just be out here fucking niggas girlfriends like a heathen with no self control lls
i 've played like 9 - 10 games of battlegrounds and i have yet to even remotely come close to killing anyone i 'm so bad at shooters jesus
if your dick game so good that i 've to do this typa stupidity stay the hell out of me .
i do not know it does not matter anyway i only have < money > but i would jump into a sewer before i swam in a pool or anything with a nigger i mean wtf are ppl thinking 🙄
the bible will never evolve .
christianity as a whole will be left behind .
!
remindme 100 years .
many threads in the past were dominated by repetitive mudslinging that did not advance discussion , in my view .
if this new system reduces the mud and leads to more discussion , it will be worthwhile .
i am tired of niggas acting like carmelo anthony is trash
millie weaver what really happened in charlottesville firsthand eyewitness video account of charlottesville lethal riot overwhelming violence came from antifa leftist protestors monopoly msm spun it backwards
rt @rickygervais : humans are genetically closer to chimps than chimps are to gorillas .
but we are all apes .
have a great day you clever twe&#8230 ;
lol nfl got that nigga the fuck out of here bum ass dirty ass nigga 😂 😂
oh this is so disgusting a nigger and a faggot get a prominent place in the ceremony
* who knew buttery males could be so mean ! *
sorry , but what they did was just sick and wrong .
madden is dead cause it 's april and only 40 people have a chance of playing for anything .
end conversation
you 're far more likely to be gunned down at wal - mart , a fair , at school , at a movie , at a night club , or in a mall by a white american than you are to be hurt by an immigrant .
that 's a fact .
the white teenagers down the street are more dangerous than immigrants .
url
memo to globalists you should really do some research about the impeachment process type impeach the president into a search engine and pay particular attention to the first step addendum do you clowns ever wonder why the world is laughing at your retarded ass
football was fun to watch when you had personalities in it now you have few dozen black lookalike robotons running around the field doing exactly the same thing sport that got taken over by democratic plantation ghetto afros
these lil white twitter fags stay online all day and search for me to make new accounts and mass report me the jews have these white pussy totally brainwashed into hating there own race they talk about how much they love muslims and blacks crazy fucken world jews caused this
murderer caught after he created the murder scene on a tattoo from his chest https://t.co/3l27gwbnxx
this is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no ` ` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing .
worst thing about fucking my hand up is that i ca n't drive&#128530 ;
i personally do n't mind it , so long as we are doing due diligence .
some of the names suggested for the post earlier in the year just did n't inspire confidence , and i 'd much rather we leave this vacant than commit money to a someone who 'll be fired in 2 years .
fag tillman , the toilet whore url
she 's pretending like she do n't miss you .
you 're pretending like you do n't care .
ego is a hell of a drug .
christ the guy lets a honest and vulnerable side of himself out , then predictably impulsive judgmental hypocrites throw imaginary accusations that they probably need to deal with themselves .
buck is a rare kind who has more sincerity than any of you best guess shit talkers here .
he dares to take honest looks at himself and still keeps fans informed while doing it .
that s fuckin guts you ai nt ever gon na have boy
" " " i have no problem being called benny !
just do n't call my ben 10 .
or else you 'll meet with a terrible fate .
you cocky bitch .. " " # bot "
me : : ( about a racist joke ): as a person of color that really upsets me .
friend : : please , suzie .
you 're white .
actually , no i 'm not .
i 'm arabic , latina , and african .
just because i 'm well educated does n't mean i 'm white .
i am 19 , in ohio , at a college party .
it made me feel belittled , marginalized , offended .
sure has at kotz or kbrw .
probably plenty of other bush stations .
you think people are for gun control in rural alaska ?
this retarded nazi think that i said hitler banned guns is their any hope for these liberal socialists i think not
@profjoyceharper @drangelalawson exactly .
do n't cut parts off intersex children , or the labia from girls , or the foreskin from boys .
we could easily end circumcision , fgm , and intersex correction with one consistent law .
" @sad_magic_heir " " humans can eat grass , but not recommended . " "
fuck that i m a grass eater and i m guna stay one "
psa do not i repeat not trust your lily white ass cheeks to spray on sunscreens
while i agree with you that is also the party motto of any of the political parties that attain power .
anyone that blames 3 generations of americans for all their problems    is a mommas boy little bitch , need to remove the teet get out of the basement and maybe try to get laid instead of jerkin to porn .
this is disgraceful , so many human rights violations .
iran is too damn sensitive about their border , they can see how crowded it is .. trespasser will be shot ?
this is for rachel you big nasty smelling bitch why you took me off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch i 'm coming outside and i 'm going to beat the fuck out of you bitch and do n't even call the police
even the fbi called them lone wolves .
all terrorist acts by white men have been called lone wolves and not terrorists .
let 's prohibit sale of airplane and marine fuel .
same stuff as gasoline .
i will never forget how one of my coworkers looked me dead in my face and asked me do you wash your hair just because my hair is in braids does not mean i do not wash it you small dick white bitch
@ceo_sandeep @adi_vashisthaa @zaidzamanhamid you indians remain our slave for 1000 years and now you are slaves of jewish ppl ... you ppl have no ethics no moral values neither in normal life neither in battle field .. by killing unarmed innocent civilians you stupid people think you can capture pakistan .. shamelesa nation
what do < number > conspiracies and genders have in common only a couple of them are real and more fake ones keep being created
@ashoswai @globeandmail muslims should be afraid of any place becoming muslim majority than about india , looking at the condition in all muslim majority countries now .
sunnis and shias could not reconcile in > 1300 years .
how do you expect them to tolerate the hindus in india ? #
shiagenocide
i hate you i love you
medically necessary services are not supposed to be bundled with private pay , that is .
for example , if a doctor refers a patient for a surgical consultation , which is what happened in ms. guthrie 's case .
incels are worthless , annoying rodents .
fuking white knight
only because of vaccines !
boys should be bigger and better than girls in every way , always .
ah passing as in " passing as " .
my brain went straight to " passing by " and i was wondering why to celebrate a relationship that 's almost over . *
facepalm * .
thanks a lot !
and i kind of relate to how you feel .
i 'm not 100 percent sure what kind of queer i am .
i know that i 'm not straight and that 's important to me , but i feel like i ca n't come out properly because i have n't quite figured out my label yet .
i , too , am a bit afraid people will think i 'm just drawing attention to myself , when i ca n't say if i 'm bi or a lesbian .
thanks for explaining and sharing !
i got a grip of pregnant homegirls but i ai n't seen not one baby daddy in any of they pictures ... where y' all niggas at ?
hiding and shit
no one is asking for an all white world either < number > billion shitskins and under a billion whites does not make an all white world a black world let see oh yeah africa what a shithole
great commentary .
the united states is still far behind most civilized countries when it comes to women in leadership positions .
what passes for leadship behavior in men is often denigrated in women .
i wonder if it will ever change .
trump would like us to go backward ; it saddens me that so many people agree with him .
" i was recommended by ... (friend 's name . ) "
and you do n't think that 's a problem ?
why would family physicians need referrals from their patients for a new patient ?
and how does the medical system prioritize patients   based on their medical need ,   when the first step to get medical treatment is to have friends who have a family doctor and have them refer you ?
these niggas fake quick to break they will bend on a nigga
disagree with the first part .
obama made it clear he would deport the most serious offenders and criminals .
he deported over 2.7 million .
that 's a staggering number of serious criminals out of 11 million .
represents 24 % of that population .
the rcmp should turn them over to border agents .
they should be given a warm meal , some water , pamphlets on legal immigration application , and a ticket back to where they came from .
plain and simple .
what else do we do .
allow 11 million to come up here free reign .
that 's 25 % of our current population and would have massive consequences on not only our economy but infrastructure and general way of life .
i gave up on correcting my spelling it gives retarded liberals something to cry about
@mydreamglows @marriedtored @icantunseeit @tsupdatesnybu @charli_xcx @pitchfork so we attack people for their skin color ?
hmm thought a fellow lgbtq person would have morals ?
last point if you keep them in ghettoes explain white flight surely there would be no need no
having as many children as allah ( peace be upon him ) allows is paramount in islam .
it augments the size of ummah ( community ) which is a source of pride and strength , 

 thinking a large ummah leads to poverty and hunger is evil thought .
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
i never thought i would see the day that we would have s racist president in the white house that would bring this out in people to the point that we do n't watch football because his absence minded self says it 's about the military and disrepcting the flag .
this shit is funny .
i still watch football on sundays monday night and thursday but it 's planning on what good team is on .
god is just shacking his head and crossing his children off his list to get into his house .
all of this with the president is someting that the more and more he changes the focus off of him to something or someone else it 's better for him and people just do what the king says if your a real fan of football your going to watch the games regardless , if your not watching your not a true fan at all .
but since it 's about black men white do n't want to hear it or talk about it like they say it 's no rascism in america .
black players making all this money what r they complaining for .
sad all of u
... ( cont'd from above ) ... 


 john o’donnell , former president of trump plaza hotel and casino in atlantic city , quoted trump ’s criticism of a black accountant in his 1989 book : " black guys counting my money !
i hate it .
the only kind of people i want counting my money are short guys that wear yarmulkes every day … i think that the guy is lazy .
and it ’s probably not his fault , because laziness is a trait in blacks .
it really is , i believe that .
it ’s not anything they can control . ”
trump played a big role in pushing false rumors that obama — the country ’s first black president — was not born in the us .
he even sent investigators to hawaii to look into obama 's birth certificate .
trump has repeatedly referred to mexican immigrants as “ criminals ” and “ rapists ” , plans to build a border wall & force mexico to pay for it , repeatedly referred to senator elizabeth warren as “ pocahontas ” due to her cherokee ancestry , called for a complete ban on all muslims entering the us 

 ( cont'd below ) ....
i wish i had a dollar for every time i have heard this regurgitated over my lifetime .
i am going to give my fellow negroes some advice do nt show up at white christian schools trying to make connections show up at because you are trying to be a christian the romans originally hated the christians they burned them at the stake and they fed them to lions
# nowplaying y modern player jaguar dirty demo | fender fender 2012 - 01 - 20 11:12:42 modern player jaguar played through a fende # これ聴いてるんだからねっ
folks who are waiting to be deputized for the deportation army will be disappointed .
rape kids + be a overly entitled white male = thrive in america # cantwaittilprofessionalarmysniperskilltheseamericanterrorists
the latest christians i follow !
url thanks to @dylanesque2604 @realpoliticin @misslinlou # news # homeposts
< user > i think he basically the resident typical gay professor for a lot of right leaning people he takes everything academia holds dear inverts it and presents it in the gayest possible way for shock value protection and profit that my take
well , you ca n't reasonably expect health care providers to know anything about your situation .
i mean , you 're transsexual , and that 's pretty weird .
i do n't know why you 're so upset about this .
you should really be more tolerant of people who do n't get it .
in a robotic voice israel is our greatest ally they totally do not just take billions of our tax dollars and do nothing in return but drag us into sand nigger wars dradles and yamakas are neat
take them all down .
i do n't care if they 're black white democrat republican whatever .
if it been done i am unaware of it i have always wondered what would happen if a gay person called up a mohammedan baker and requested a cake be made
geez .. i thought i would only get in trouble for calling too many comments uncivil !
i will have to be more careful .
there are so many comments offered to rate that have way too little context that i have no idea .
those days are long gone my dudes i m gon na be a psychology hoe
85 % suicide rate after reassignment surgery .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > so you just blame trump supporters to be white supremacists and only care about checking if people are bots you do not care about antifa but care about shootings i can call people who shoot up places and antifa a terrorist threat but you ca nt
the article indicates that the university of hawaii 's center for chinese studies and chinese language flagship program will be helping in developing curriculum and activities   for the language programs at maryknoll .
at taxpayers ' expense ?
the hawaii public school system is mediocre at best and down right lousy on the average when compared to the state 's private schools .
my question is why   a university of hawaii department / program is assisting a private school in its educational function ?
should n't any and all available public funds earmarked for education be directed toward improving and benefiting the public school system ?
is anybody in government questioning this assistance ?
i ca n't believe this conniving cunt even had the audacity to be with her & waste her god damn time .
she even showed her vulnerability side yet he did her dirty .
i hope u fucking rot u nasty ass , crusty ass , bitch ass , musty ass , ugly ass mf
i 've been waiting for like 3 amazon orders for several weeks now because the dates keep changing for the arrival time . & #
128579 ;
naturally immigrants tend to be stronger than guys born in america
daily reminder that with the jews you lose do not believe me just ask jesus
i have to work tomorrow … the ghetto 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄
germany does n't want " diplomacy " they want to give iran everything they are asking for because they are like scared little kittens , now that they have given their country over to muslim immigrants .
prison based on more crimanl issue inside it to drugs to even to murders and rapes on same sex and sometime by officers but facts are that once transgender men go to femail sides it will be a miss among our prison as it already is over same sex rapes that heppen in there that breads out homosexual .
if bom scares you then ur clearly a p*ssy a * * n*gga go eat sh*t
no , i did n't watch tv all day so did n't hear any of that .
what i did hear was people marching for justice .
well i do not agree with dinesh trump or anyone really d however the right is indeed more populist right now while left establishment is getting too greedy and using virtue signaling to undermine those and others they claim to support ghetto pimping
of course , because those are the only two options available to humans , right ?
either we plunder the world without any responsibility or caution for the damage we do , or we sit in caves , maybe with a fire , and pick our noses , right ?
but you think my head is a joy ?
replies like yours are why i have my moniker .
the total lack of any sense of responsibility or conscience for the destruction we have wrought in the world , for the consequences we are facing and leaving for the young people we are bringing to a world we are destroying as fast as technology will allow is beyond contemptible .
not one of the responses to my comment addresses the very real , devastating environmental consequences of our energy orgy with fossil fuels .
i never see the truth about the environment printed in the adn , or in any mainstream media .
i see a few comments from posters who have knowledge about the environment , but only about 3 or 4 .
you are n't one of them .
obviously .
holy man from switzerland tells daily mail that cancer caused by immigrants 😅
it really is remarkable that expectations for the man are so low , that all he had to do was not obviously pee himself or shout racist hate , for it to be seen as worthy of congratulation .
< user > ‍ just listening to the latest radical agenda and was interested to listen to that one caller who said that we have an online ethnostate it seems more like an online ghetto to me but as they say you say tomato i pronounce it properly
yeah , apologise like the weak fucking cuck you are
i think men are too womanly nowadays , and women are too manly 
 and that 's why gender is no longer real .
i would ruin her asshole
@carolineglick @tabithastevens8 @ilhanmn opposing israel is not opposing jews .
if y' all tryna jump on the sex bandwagon , we can go there too .
sex can be just as bad as masturbation if it 's not used the right way 🤷 🏽‍ ♂ ️ you ca n't be out here fucking everybody & wonder why you mentally unstable 😂 them evil spirits real .
@galan_elida what 's next ?
disabled people will be sterilized ?
it will be illegal to have mixed children ?
why have n't i seen any white men on the " short list " for scotus nominees ?
not really , it 'll be really profitable tourist attraction to look down at the pretty man made coral reef known as waikiki from 50 feet up above and watch the pretty fish . ;-)
the blue haired dykes in twitter safety and gulag control have locked up < user > ‍ he tweeting under his old backup account < user > his crime running down the list of culprits likely facing indictment after the ig report drops
green nigger on standby ready to bring freedumb to iranians
my point is condemning all women as church leaders because a couple of dykes are out of control many women make great leaders some are bitches same goes for men
the jews taught whiteskins that reality is a word game and the way you win it is to misrepresent it as brazenly as possible this usually means reversing reality with brazen chutzpah redundant you invert reality you gaslight suckers and you mock normals you keep this up for decades
so much for murica being better than shithole countries we are a shithole country with these degenerates at the helm
< user > < user > < user > question is how would it be had the refugee never been in finland to have given birth to a murderer
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
shocking! ... not
i thought isis was influenced by islam .
i was wrong .
it 's the mexican cartels all along .
it 's a shame that some people like to use their childhoods to get themselves out of responsibility .
any adequate incels to cope this ldar friday in discord chat or elsewhere ?
< user > look mommie a nice intelligent man is owning a hateful retarded troll
< user > nah mf u def retarded
got ta ' love the americans sometimes , the bastion of unfettered capitalism , supply and demand economics , but when they produce a demand they do n't like , they try to kill the messenger .
regardless , is n't this how the escobar war on columbia started in the 80 's ?
when the government ignored it 's constitution and extradited it 's citizens ?
just saying .
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
a lot of niggas fail but i wo n't , a lot of niggas fold but i cope 🙇 🏾‍ ♂ ️
when your recycling company picks up your ' deposit ' bottles / cans they do not cash them in .
the beverage distributor keeps it .
we 're paying a profit tax on unclaimed recycling deposits which will soon double .
the bottle bill people know what does n't get turned in , take back the deposits from the distributors .
< user > < user > if they are so there are aprox < number > billion muslim on planet earth books me hi nazar aate phr
so are you still bi ?
what does evan think ?
you 'd better not put that on your facebook profile , ok ?
and do n't say anything to your dad .
idiots were told to wear a goatskin condom when having sex , not a * * * goat * * * !
ignorant losers .
i identify as genderqueer , but am male - assigned and often get misgendered+microaggressed .
i was just walking around the dining hall with friends in my cute summer dress .
server 1 : : i 've got ta ask , what is this all about ?
me : : oh , we 're here for our annual dinner !
server 2 : : but i mean , are supposed to dress like your favorite cartoon character , or what ?
do jews hate muslims or do they use them is it different with your cult
i actually just posted about her earlier women who are resourceful can whip a mans ass or < number > romans
we at @ibm believe it is important to celebrate diversity and accept people for who they are , which is why we are in support of gender affirmation benefits . #
lgbtq # diversity url
@darrenblowe @cumgivedaddisum you ai n't shit 😂 😂 but she has to be prepared for responses like that 😂 😂
sir number 1 i do n't know how you think gays crashed the google servers but that 's hilarious and number 2 shut up grandpa it 's pride month suck my cock url
all u need is urself & amp ; god .
that 's all u was born with .
things may slow u down but nothing can really hold u back from what u want in life .
on wisdom - 

 roy h. williams once quipped , " a smart man makes mistakes , learns from it , and never makes that mistake again .
but a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him to avoid the mistake altogether . "
i think most of us have lived through this during the past 8 years and will never make the mistake again , right ?
but that may be wishful thinking on my part !
hey all of you are not alone in this brothers .
there are so many more than you will ever know .
i am one of them and i am proud to be very white .
mr. dalton :   i"m one of those " white liberals " who optimistically hoped the election of president obama signaled movement toward " post - racial / racist " america .
"such a fool was i. "   instead , it opened the floodgates of racism as millions of " loyal , true , america - loving patriots " attacked our president with every racist / xenophobic epithet known .
he was not just a " n#$%$ # " , he was a " n$#%$ " who was n't even born in america . "
we now have a gop presidential candidate who openly parades his racism and xenophobia .. and his followers love it .
i ask myself , " can we really elect such a man to be our president ? "
is the hatred and bogotry mr. trump 's actions and comments have disclosed really ok with a majority of american voters ?
do those who approve and support such a view really represent today 's america ?
i never believed a person like trump could win the gop nomination .. i was so very wrong .
now i ca n't , in my heart , believe such a man can be elected president .. i hope i 'm not wrong again
i were n't sitting wit none of these pussies ... real niggas sat in detention for lunch 🙄
i keep two bowls of candy near my door .
between 5 and 7 , it is mostly neighborhood kids ( mostly middle class whites but a few middle class non - whites ) .
jesus christ .
nta .
and leave her ass first .
ignorant swine .
dear little tan girl .
just happened on to your insignificant little page with your silly little internalizing .
why do n't you go for a walk , come back and look in the mirror and see if you like yourself any better .
url
< user > ‍ how much nigger cock do you suck per week faggot
my son got into this here in southeast when he was about 7 or 8 .
we had no idea about the plant .
he had blisters two inches high on his arms and legs .
took him to the doctor , they treated them with silvadene burn cream and bandages .
he did n't get any permanent scarring , but it was a miserable miserable time for him .
let me introduce you to my community .
you must not live in the midwest .
i have many college educated white catholic women friends who voted for trump .
they did so precisely because they read the voting guides on life issues put into our bulletins and also the priest for life inserts that were left around the narthex .
they were warned in veiled homilies about life issues , and at the end of mass to keep the sanctity of life at the forefront of their minds before voting .
they did n't like trump , they were appalled at his words .... but they were in fear for their soul .
they were following the main teaching of their church as they saw it .
i tried my best to discuss other issues with them , and to share pope francis 's words on other important catholic teaching , but i fear we have become the republican catholic church of america ... at least in my community .
< user > < user > this ladies and gentlemen is white privilege we all know what would have happened had it been black man in a white woman house
# 1daytobirthmonth saint dr gurmeet ram rahim singh ji insan @gurmeetramrahim , a great social reformer started movement towards eradicating female foeticide , wid his great efforts , female foeticide has been drastically reduced in state of punjab and haryana .
url
skills coaching is more about education & amp ; the mindset that your environment cultivates than it is drills .
anyone can go on youtube for those
all jokes to the front niggas be queer
< user > i do not have white ass nipples nice try
she 's a hoe .
she 's practically a hunk of meat .
treat her like she treats herself .
we 'd have less people like her if you treat them like the trash they are
awesome , i 'm christian and bi , we probably have more things alike than different , more power to you friend ! !
so ozil turns up in a game against a team sitting 15th and he 's currently goat again ...... fuck off , they 're 15th for a reason
your stupid if it 's so bad they should n't come here illegally
as usual but not always .
when u say ur wrong , ur right those times ... but only those times .
every other time - ur wrong .
he liked to make sure you would n't have to much fun while he was gone , that way you would n't blow your load until he 's filled your ass up with his cum # yiff # furry # femboy # gayfurry url
broke ?
no second job ?
ca n't stop browsing # findom twitter ?
then rinse other beta losers out there and send earnings to your domme .
simple .
san francisco has a great chance at having a mayor < user > angela alioto that cares about its citizens safety providing federal officials info on soon to release illegal violent immigrants is what needed to curtail the increasing crime in our communities that priority no < number >
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
sure .
the catholic church - or " pure catholic types " - rounded up a transsexual who has reputation and awards for reporting on lbgt issues , talked her into going undercover for years , and then popped it up after most the suits are settled .
time for the " twilight zone " theme .
rt @geezzzus : do n't no woman want a man that acts like a bitch
keep on keeping on sister ... you're an inspiration to all of us struggling to understand and come to grips with what is happening politically in the us today - and in other parts of the world .
way to make this about race .
ship ' 's hatch cover made into a coffee table in oak with steel suppo ... lot 1068 https://t.co/iktyroadcc https://t.co/wszw26f3vg
you 're in anger / disallusionment phase .
just keep going .
set your sights on meeting quality women and you will find them .
raise your smv .
ask yourself if you 're a fuckboy or a man .
raise smv further .
stop entertaining sluts .
there will be a hole who will say you tell refugees to go back to syria and fight for their own country but do not say it to sa farmers need to have a strong and elegant response
based on her pre vote speech , wherein she stated several times that she would be working closely with the mayor of the st laurent borough , alan desousa , and her deep roots on the st laurent liberal executive , i would wager that she is actually de sousa 's proxy .
so he makes a lot more promises to fn that he does n't plan to keep .
at least with harper , the fn knew where they stood .
trudeau is no better , he just adds the insult of hope without any possibility of reconciliation .
< user > americans hate you so much they would rather vote for an illegal alien who wanted to destroy the usa as much as you did he just did not seem as dangerously stupid
i am so over this post pregnant high school bull shit skin
only mothers day cards are displayed in ghetto stores few are sure of who is their father moms boy friend is called uncle not pop one alpha stud impregnated dozens and never saw his children guys have to hang around and not go from hole to hole
i do n't care why you are apathetic .
your behavior is n't my fault .
please do n't kill any random strangers at the mall .
i know you have easy access to guns and ammo .
most mass shooters are frustrated white men .
i do pity any children you raised .
that number includes other than jews too dude like catholics commies gypsy mentally retarded and anybody that gave the nazis political problems estimated jews eradication at < number > < number > million the rest everyone else the nazis did not just kill jews in those camps
lw1 : not buying your story .
your entire letter is full of minimizing .
wonder what her side is ?
sore losers rg ?
the market closing up means a gain .
s&p 500 -   2,163.26      23.70 ( up 1.11 % ) 


 dow 30 -   18,589.69      256.95 ( up 1.40 % ) 


 nasdaq -   5,251.07      57.58 ( up 1.11 % ) 


 russell 2000 -   1,232.16      37.02 ( up 3.10 % )
not sure why they had to spend money on an expensive copter - why not bring in a prison work crew for some manual labor ?
this generation are fucking poxy the amount of grown men there bunch of fucking pussys watching on , boils my blood , would have strangled that cunt
my biggest regret in college ( i just graduated ) was not finding queer friends that were specifically women .
i know several cis gay men and unfortunately we rarely relate to one another .
i never really found queer friends in college and it 's one of my biggest regrets .
that being said , i did witness a girl i know make a lot of friends through my university 's twitter crowd .
she basically tweeted " who wants to be in my queer girl squad " and that worked for her !
people started messaging her to hangout !
niggas be hating on immigrants but don ’ t even got a license bro u worried about driving away the wrong foreigns 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
in all of mr. saganash 's bitterness , i do n't see him showing us a path forward .
it looks as if nothing anyone could do would be enough .
his ideal press release needs to be supported by specific mechanisms and actions .
tell us what they are , sir , we 're listening .
one thing that your " logic " is lacking is the fact that colorado sales are still increasing every month .
gross revenue for 2016 has exceeded   us$ 1 billion ( 1.312 billion in canuckistani pesos ) and prices are sinking rapidly .
another thing that you 're missing is that your assertions are baseless speculation .
the amazing kreskin you ai n't .
but i must admit that it appears that you have a compelling argument .
i 'm pretty sure you 're mistaken but i 'd like to hear your arguments face to face .
can we meet to have a friendly discussion of your position over a glass of bathtub gin at your local capone 's speakeasy ?
email me and we 'll set up a meet .
oh , i 'll even pick up the tab !
do n't forget to bring the kids , because capone ’s never cards .
thanks for your response christa .
one rarely comes across threats or harassment on these pages - unless of course you define dissenting or controversial views as falling in to these categories .
admittedly some of the language can get quite fruity and views push the envelope on hot button topics such as immigration and first nations but aside from overt bigotry ( which should be deleted ) noxious comments normally do not extend beyond juvenile name calling .
regardless , posters can hit the " report " button if they feel something crosses the line .
delegating censorship does not mean it is not happening .
just because a few members of a community find a perspective disagreeable is no reason to disallow that perspective .
no one is getting it on the nose here and opinions , while they may be hard hitting , are not fists .
let posters have their say .
worry less about " civility " and more about maintaining an open forum where differing opinions can be expressed .
i hope you like fat retards with small pee pees
thank you , i agree !
i think the idea of wanting to give exposure to a black business owner and build bridges between cultures is great , but i do n't think she needed to be the one getting her hair done in order to do that .
i think just appreciating from a distance and using her platform to help a black woman have her voice and experiences be heard would have been amazing , which is what she easily could have done if she just interviewed eden and had her do a black customer 's hair or something .
so i guess gotti is going to put all his music on tidal since he 's rocking with jay now & # 129300 ; he got some music missing from apple music
there will be a hole who will say you tell refugees to go back to syria and fight for their own country but do not say it to sa farmers need to have a strong and elegant response
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
a bunch of   spoiled men in shorts , throwing and tossing balls , with multi million dollar contracts and a president who should not be bothered with this nonsense .
suck my fuckin dick dude
and will do it again like nigga backwards
so i 'm bi but i feel this subreddit is still somewhat relevant to me , but heres my thoughts .
i myself wear band tees and other stuff that is nt the usual lgbt associated attire , sometimes i do but not often .
but i 've hardly ever had issues out at gay bars or with my gay friends .
some have asked why but most people do nt really care i think .
but you 'll always have haters no matter how you dress .
just do you and dress how you want , not for others approval
booby trap maga presidenttrump triggered faggot dicklicker < user > ‍
< user > < user > hear u really are retarded
< user > < user > < user > ok i understand but if you were raped you are aware what happened so why not take plan b asap after these unwanted instances
< user > < user > < user > it a muslim immigrant man in europe this is not a white scandinavian woman thanks for your help though massive
\#meeeeeeetoooo what fat faggot we talking about joey right ?
you know child molester anthony cumias brother right ?
what a shame the poor groom 's bride is a whore
and we all know bisexuals are just on the road to being gay .
any guess on what the tox - screen during the autopsy finds ?
heroin , meth , booze , pot ?
combination of all of them ?
may allah give everyone more braincells
when a bottom comes over without cleaning that bootyhole out properly .
i use there hair for a paper towel to remind them next time to do better 🙄 # mistress # femdom # femdomme # onlyfans # tranny # shemale # shemalesdoitbetter # atlanta # twitterafterdark # bdsmtuesday # bdsmlover # bdsm url
... and why do we need an increasing population and labour force when we are just on the cusp of the next industrial revolution where robotics and automation will take over so many jobs ?
i 've heard qanon described as a messenger , sent to prepare us for what is coming , clue by clue , bit by bit 

 qanon followers believe if this information were released as one data dump , it is so shocking we could not fathom something so vile exists , short of the gates of hell itself 

 your thoughts ?
seeing attractive naked women , whether they are real or drawn , makes me sad 
 but i ca n't stop looking
put these fine you men in cages and let them rot .
the " trans monster " is public enemy # 1
i love trannys because ... they cook , they clean , and you can beat them once in a while .
and if they call the cops , who are they gon na believe .
me or a guy wearing a wig .
no it is not & will only come to be in 2019
bday u ke?halamak bro hahaha happy birthday hakim !
i will torture you more in the future with delicious food in instastory ok @hakimamirul
look at california people are dying and the democratics do n't do shit all they talked about is trump racist .
fix your problem and help your people in california and stop this race card excuses
come now , the liberal government has successfully managed to cut my hydro bill in half !
yes , that 's right , they reduced my bill by exactly 50 % !
.... of course i now get twice as many bills because the government mandated a switch from bi - monthly to monthly bills , but each bill is half as big so they 're saving me money right ? ! ? !
< /sarcasm >
i hope joe exotic gets gay raped to death by a tiger netflix
@yasminqureshimp @amcarmichaelmp china is bad , india is bad but pakistan is ..... how many christians are there in pakistan ?
how many hindus ?
u r either wilfully ignorant or ..
whites downvoting as usual .
they like to gawk at 3rd countries from their soft privileged bubble but when people let them know of all the stealing and colo­nizing , their t­rig­gered brain shut down and ignore it .
kevin you are a fat , stupid , cunty , whore , dumbass , nigger who is a sad prick and tries to be cool .
this woman has the balls to post on r / roastme .
i would love to see you make a post on r / roastme you nigger
@sonofspam64 .
there wo n't be a fight , israel already considers iran a national threat so they will use everything they have to completely neutralize iran .
you need to get off this crap about trump and putin , when it was obama sucking putin off everyday he was in the white house .
putin to obama .
i am going to invade crimea what you going to do about it you big pussy .
obama in a child 's voice " nothing . "
putin - good boy , now get down on your hands and knees and suck me off pussy .
< user > i won ’ t hesitate bitch
< user > you are right do not kill yourself but jesus stop posting this shit
get the fuck off me faggot
yes !
go find another country to ruin and leave the usa alone !
if you 're a law and order administration , how can you justify cracking down on sanctuary cities to enforce federal immigration law , but look the other way at states that are breaking federal drug laws ?

when people see a white man then it is not considered profiling looking for a white man .
it would be considered stupid not to look for a white man ....
they just brought that ignorant racist redneck douchecanoe back like nothing ever happened m nf x espn
2 k do not put out patch notes and you niggers got dial up internet so it ll be damn near < time > before we know what was changed
you tube has censored our channel because we have been trying to expose the normalizing of pedophilia by elites etc ( including university prof. 's etc ) 

 # pizzagate # pedogate # savethechildren # speakfreely # nwo # luciferians # divideandconquer # lies
and you eunuch whores wish you could lick the shit coming out of your white female masters ass and get mad when you ca n't get to do that , lmfaooooooo .
hell , there are concerns current legal documentation around birth technically might prevent men ( also non - binary people ) from accessing government funded pregnancy care .
i do n't know if the paperwork i signed for my midwife last year was fraudulent or not .
this not within the jurisdiction of the feds .
goodale is guilty of political grandstanding .
while the criminal law - writing the criminal code and other criminal statutes as well as criminal procedure per section 91(27 ) of the .constitution act 1867 : 

 " the criminal law , except the constitution of courts of criminal jurisdiction , but including the procedure in criminal matters " 

 the provinces have jurisdiction over these sorts of police investigations and the charging decisions per s. 92 ( 14 ) - the administration of justice : 

 " the administration of justice in the province , including the constitution , maintenance , and organization of provincial courts , both of civil and of criminal jurisdiction , and including procedure in civil matters in those courts . "
as noted bc operates under a crown counsel charge approval system which is an exercise of provincial jurisdiction .
this ensures that police do not get away with sloppy work and it is lawyers who make the decision .
please share : statement on the potential halt to the u.s. refugee admissions program url
< user > you ’ re so gay lmao
you can never satisfy everyone .
if matlin showed a deficit , then the bor would say " why are n't you doing a better job ? "
no - win situation .
9/11 recieves one day of remembrance each year gay pride receives a whole month because of how big that tragedy is .
what 's the difference between your mom going shopping and your dad going shopping ?
when my mom goes shopping , she leaves first thing in the morning and she gets back at dinner time with a car full of groceries .
but my dad , he went out for cigarettes five years ago and he still is n't home yet .
< user > < user > the man cheated repeatedly assaulted women raped women hillary used detectives to ruin their lives how is it gutsy choosing to remain with a man who can not even man up and admit he raped juanita broderick that not gutsy < user >
never understood why you hoes ca n't never mind they own business 🥴
follow me before the twitter normies move to gab so i can feel superior
i thought it was for the nintendo switch when i saw those buildings and character models 🤦 🏽‍ ♂ ️
what up retard
retweeted eileen ( @herredness66 ): @gaviota4pets urgent help this baby do n't let ny shelter murder him .
adopt / foster immediately .
if you could be remembered for bringing about the destruction of only one thing , what would it be ?
@crewcrew @waltshaub how does he keep this up ?
no shame .
just greed .
congratulations to india this is a great achievement as a country .
son , what did your brother say when he lost his virginity ?
-dad , please stop .
-exactly
< user > as harsh saying the best way to honour the murdered mp jo cox would be to get brexit done comparing black people to pickaninny muslim women to letterboxes no i do not believe it harsh at all
brokeback mountain .
oh wait , no you 've definitely seen that already .
btw- you 're quite the professional asshole op !
randomly glanced at a few of your comments and just wanted to pop in and say ' go fuck yourself ' on behalf of the rest of the world .
you are the worst .
do better .
i 'll save you the trouble of throwing a tantrum and calling me a retarded ' fag ' or your other favourite ' fucktard ' and let you know right now that this fucktarded faggot has your number .
( got it from a bathroom stall )
swedish prime minister stefan löven condemns minor attack by muslims against the synagogue in gothenburg he wants more money for holocaust propaganda and harsh punishment for antisemitism swedes have been murdered and raped for years without him saying a word a shekel for a good goy
i am white , white is my favorite color
i do n't disagree with you in any fundamental way .
as a man more than twice his age , i am tempted to think of my as a " kid " -- which of course he is n't .
he 's an adult , and was an adult at " all relevant times " ( as a lawyer would say ) during his public life as a self - indulgent , racist , sexist , homophobic bully .
it 's true that the despicable folks at breitbart game him his platform , but it 's also true that he elected to ascend the platform and to use it to spew filth .
still , for all of that , although not a kid , he is a young man and probably has as much as two - thirds of his life ahead of him .
whatever time remains to him is a gift , and he can use it to make amends for the horrendous behavior of his early years .
i believe in redemption , and that is my hope and prayer for him .
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
you 're so handsome 😍 i legit said like two days ago trans men are the most handsome ppl i 've seen !
hey bitch what 's up bitch suck my dick bitch url
gosh y all the trauma 😭 😭 i hate u white bitches yeah spring view middle school i m talking to you
the only good muzzie is a dead muzzie make them all good muzzies mohammed was a dicksucking pedophile and a piece of shit just like every raghead
all of the power and none of the responsibility .
the man is a coward .
and let 's hope that the all of the supreme court justices remember that heir roe is to protect the constitution , and not to side reflexively with that awful man in the president 's office .
yea thanks for the information as i said in my p.m i actully knew nothing of the squatting movement back then and always thought that in modern times it had always been the preserve of small groups of extreme anarchists .
incest banter was being thrown around and niggers actually went out of their way to beat their cousins cheeks 😭 url
oh , this is going to be fun ... 

 i do not condemn any individual because of their potential to be a threat based upon their nationality or religion , foster mcteague , as i work with every individual from any and all nationalities and religions that one such as you could imagine , and they are not only mine own coworkers , they are mine own friends .
you , foster mcteague , are the one that espouses a racist and religious aspect as unto what may , or may not happen regarding the group , or groups , that you aspire unto .
i do not .
what i do subscribe unto , is without fully vetted procedures , we , as a nation , have no idea as to who is coming into our nation , regardless of their own individual ideology .. 

 you , sir , are a racist .
you , sir , are a bigot .
i , sir , am an individualist , and as such , shall receive , or judge , an individual , no matter their stripe , as an individual , just as the nation of this united states of america should .
this nation , and its citizens , should be protected , period .
" you are n't in danger .
but any chance you guys can hop up on twitter and start a " " party " " .
too bad it 's at the expense of dying children "
everyone is welcome to celebrate how far we 've come in terms of accepting marginalized groups .
whether you 're part of one or not , bring your positive vibes and we 'll have a blast together .
^^^inb4 ^^^police ^^^in ^^^uniform ^^^comment
are you retarded or what
fucking dumb bitch , i 'll just sit on a normal chair , stupid fucking females
i was drawn to all the wrong things : i liked to drink , i was lazy , i did n't have a god , politics , ideas , ideals .
i 'm glad you pointed this out that anti - bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
< user > ai nt he bisexual an lgbt king of gays even his mind
what 's the difference between me and my daughter ?
dick size
my workout gymn is my woodshed , where there 's always rounds to split / stack .
close to home , and membership is free .
old school right there .
@realdonaldtrump aye .
fuck that .
get your killers in check .
stop that racist bullshit you talking about .
all these mass shootings ! ! !
we blame you for it .
even when u leave office we blame you for everything .
u ugly , u stupid and yo dick small .
u hate life trump
symbolic posturing at best .
bor laughs all the way to the bank .
and like don imus and rush limbaugh before him , will rise right back to the ranks of the followed after this brief , albeit lucrative time out .
boys do n't wear necklaces like that .
most folks just call it what is - bs - concocted by a man who ought to know better .
your pedophobia / homophobia rants are simply an immoral bias based on corrupted myths - no citations of fact .
and you expect readers to believe your insults and open hatred of gay people ?
you clearly do n't give a rip if your comments are caustic lies or shockingly disgusting , they are symptomatic of deeper issues you wo n't discuss .
does n't make it to formal one time out of my four years of college and everyone and their grandmas still remember & # 128579 ;
i love trannys because ... they cook , they clean , and you can beat them once in a while .
and if they call the cops , who are they gon na believe .
me or a guy wearing a wig .
anti - gun people are seen as anti - gun because the things they are for ?
ya know control , limitations , waiting , background checks , etc etc already exist !
how would you justify making new laws when the current are n't enforced ?
yikes you can see the insanity on their faces and all men flocking together as if for security i bet a crowd of those muslim women would beat the hell out of a few of these pathetic muslim wimpy looking excuses for men
i would fuck your little white boy pussy until you die , ur just another beta whitey pretending to be black on the internet , fucking bitch
what 's the hardest part about rape ?
admitting it was a woman who did it .
< user > if you can measure how well white families are doing it would be some shit like white < percent > blacks < percent > hispanic < percent > you should not be focused on whites doing better the problem is not white privilege it colored un privilege
< user > whitegenocide means much more than eliminating people of white skin pigment it also means the destruction of the culture of freedom moral clarity what there is of it and human progress only whites in principle advance those ideas
😂 altright is a joke and they dare to make fun of conservatives ha good luck killing eachother trying to be the top nazi ya bunch a retards 😂
anti muslim hatred on indian national tv hindu leader pandit ajay gautam covered his eyes because he does nt want to see the face of khalid , a muslim news presenter .
# india # islamophobia url
thank you that what i think too we are white spanairds are white hence hispanics are actually white and asians are yellow and africans are black there only < number > races
there is only 2 genders and transvestites have an mental condition .
i have never had any troubles in parking lots .
i have been hit three times though in pedestrian crosswalks .
so if a couple decides to bond together , the idea that their   insurance policies   cover medical prophylactic devices should not be governed by the tenets of any one religion .
when our bishops and fundamentalist catholics attempt   to not allow good medical care , they share in the responsibility when a couple must select if to abort or not .
bc decreases abortions and it is the   responsible prophylaxis .
human sexuality is as much about bonding of the couple as it is about procreation ....   maybe you should rethink your high handed approach to preventing decent medical care ! !
putin has already been played by trump !
( see how easy that ' analysis ' is )
< user > just like saying it good people on both sides when referring to nazis that a direct promotion of fascism disclosure
thinking about my cousin blue who died in a atv accident back in 2004 his favorite cuss word was bastard face every time i say bastard or type it i think of him love and miss you blue
the cia niggers glow in the dark you can see them at night and run them over
legal immigrant is a racist dog whistle for white or european immigrants there i said the quiet part out loud for you racist fucks
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
the donald and his ignorant fan base even publicly hate on black men who are as light skinned as steph curry ?
uh - oh !
< user > whitegenocide means much more than eliminating people of white skin pigment it also means the destruction of the culture of freedom moral clarity what there is of it and human progress only whites in principle advance those ideas
< user > white women white disabled white gays white immigrants should get affirmative action then according to this tweet
why does motelroses look like a vulture
oy vey !
the " jewish race " is so smart , they worship lucifer & saturn , and get their rocks off on institutionalized pedophilia .
btw in latest uk studies , chinese uk youth are smartest , then indian ... url
it not my fault hollywood queer coded villains and i now find them super attractive ok and not my fault i already found him interesting in dude form and am now gaga over the lady version not my fault step on me muzan
another perspective on trump :   scott adams ' blog .
scott adam , creator of dilbert , provides an interesting perspective of trump as the ' great persuader ' .
more than a year before trump won the presidency , scott adams , predicted a trump victory .
a series of blogs interpreted trump 's tactics .
reading the archived blogs has been fascinating for me .
to all of you fawning over altright women you are a faggot these women have not red pilled anybody they have lead them astray you accept women as your leaders now might as well have voted for hillary most of their followers are civic nationalist cucks who woke
i 've heard qanon described as a messenger , sent to prepare us for what is coming , clue by clue , bit by bit 

 qanon followers believe if this information were released as one data dump , it is so shocking we could not fathom something so vile exists , short of the gates of hell itself 

 your thoughts ?
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
' never blame the victim , unless it 's a man '
> i 'm not focusing on one over the other .
this is a thread about the treatment of queer people in shariah law countries .
i 'm just calling out peoples whataboutism .
you are , though , because it 's not about the religion .
> but since you brought it up , one of these shitty religions has a vastly larger deathtoll than the other these days .
so if the goal is saving lgbt lives , maybe we should be focusing more on one than the other .
or focusing more on the region if it makes you feel better .
yes , it would make me feel better for you to focus on the relevant independent variable here .
agree .
this man has played the judicial system for the fools they are .
he has revealed how weak and incompetent big island officials are .
he has no intention of revealing anything .
he has lied for decades .
ugly hoes really sick in the mind .
get a lil dick and become dick - matized .
< user > i like u becoz u r a beautiful girl muslimah ⚘ ⚘ ⚘
i personally do n't mind it , so long as we are doing due diligence .
some of the names suggested for the post earlier in the year just did n't inspire confidence , and i 'd much rather we leave this vacant than commit money to a someone who 'll be fired in 2 years .
@sanjukta donkey ass .... insulting religions will make u sick nd mental
oh my god , are n't guys who are n't manly ashamed of themselves ?
do n't they want to be * men * ? !
i mean , gay guys can dress however they want , but straight guys in skinny jeans or sparkly shirts ?
it 's just gross .
if you give up your guns their boots will be stomped on your face forever inbred muslims and tranny sluts that is until you are dead then the muzzies will throw their allies off roof tops
it was there for 2 years .
2 whole years .
every day i hate men even more .
fucking trash .
i m url
they can integrate while maintaining their own culture and identity .
this notion of " american culture " is hilarious when so much of the culture you speak of has been appropriated from other cultures .
just realised that khan was schooling trump at unga about refugee crisis
hahahaha !
these traitor slime , antifa females need to get out .
they are slime .
all of these females should be put in prison and left until they rot .
the civil war is coming .
i did n’t correct the poster , i corrected the choice of words .
the church does not use “ degenerate ” or any variation of it .
rule and raven stated that we live in a fallen world “ there 's overwhelming evidence that men are brutal , selfish , greedy and murderous too .
so what ?
we live in a fallen world where sin and degeneracy of all sorts exist . ”
you could have as easily picked “ sin ” were your intention not to color your point .
there are zero “ ( a)ttacks on homosexuality by the church ” .
the church teaches that sexual activity between the unmarried is immoral .
that is based on a view of sex that you reject .
it also teaches that a homosexual orientation , whatever the cause , is and of itself not a moral failing .
unlike some of our commonwealth brethren , we do n’t treat religious instruction as “ hate speech ” because we have the first amendment .
no amount of argument , tapdancing , reimaging , accusation , or any combination thereof is going to move the church to approve homosexual behavior .
rest in white supremacy hell !
you mean virtue signaling thot .
because this is a free speech platform and what i have posted to gab would not be considered doxing even by twitter standards if you guys can not take the heat then get out of the fucking kitchen your bitch ass friend wanted war and he got it get ready to lose faggot
& gt;tfw pale skin in a white country 
 people think i have health problems or something
# bbnaija i see @payporte ceo sponsoring these top 5hms to start up their own bizness and make them prosper
public urination , yelling about cancer , shoplifting a bottle of smirnoff 's vodka from trader joe 's
i clearly state that we are n't perfect .
so what if i mess up ?
yea i believe in god and certain hard practices but oh fucking well .
i ca n't like a pussy here or there ?
i hope you liked what you saw because i know i did 🙄
i was watching the kiwifarms stream and one of the hoes josh mentioned was a sikh chick that objected to touching any man but her husband .
take a second to imagine the terror you would feel coming from a 3rd world shithole where rape is a weekly activity as mundane as sweeping the floor , and having your livelihood threatened by a tranny forcing you to massage their penis and testicles .
the drama of it makes me so euphoric . *
tips trandora *
fuck her and the rest of the anti - american mutherfuckers .
renounce your citizenship and get the fuck out of america .
a fun time for my friends and me to reflect on progress that has been made and celebrate how far we 've come while bringing awareness to things that are still issues for many lgbtq+ people in the world
cause who else would right this country law refused to protect women rights as human being women only have nothing but ourselves our own bodies to protect ours indonesian women are fcking strong i must say whew
look at that loose cunt leaking loads .
that must have been drilled and filled by multiple cocks .
it 'd make a great gangbang whore .
😛 💦 😈 # manpussy # gay url
now she most certainly is on tape saying she wanted to grab women by the pussy right ?
no ?
seriously do we have to put @lexi they this interview ?
what are you feeling ?
hmmmmm i wonder .
@eliselobb
i feel no pity for this piece of human filth .
fuck her and her bf .
< user > nah but fr 😭 the double standards that a lot of muslim men hold make zero sense to me
girls are funnier than guys on this app
since this topic is brought up , we need a thread on whether we believe the median income of black americans has increased / decreased during the obama and trump eras .
the article claims that median income has increased , but the source looks a little weird .
i do know for a fact that home ownership for black americans has been decreasing since 2004 , and is now at an all time low .
url this is something not addressed in the obama or trump presidencies .
abortion is never going 2 b accepted by the majority of people since women bear the burden of carrying a child the respons falls on her 2 b more responsible if u are not married do not have sex if u can not afford birth control
he 's waiting for body odor to reply for him .
the sad part is all that you say is true the jews bring those subhuman shitskinned scums to inocculate our females at every ages who have been brainwashed to hate their own kinds interracial porn jewllywood music sport inc adds every supports are used by them to corrupt our females
< user > hot take incoming more racism and sexism from minorities than the white majority in this country
of course it 's a " cuban " cigar .
thinks cigars are what ( gentle)men smoke - quick ! [ ... ]
cuban !
i 've only seen four jews in my whole life , and those jews were on the silja europa ship , going to stockholm .
all of them anti white .
" @doctorgriffin6 -- away . " "
down here we can never be sure , i 'm afraid , " " he said , brushing a strand of hair behind abby 's ear .
his lips -- "
if i had a dollar for ever gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number >
in twenty years , people from these countries will form gangs against each other .
and they will end up hateing white people and calling us racist .
i 'm a gay trucker who was gang raped .
1 .
i said an @ , bitch .
2 .
you a grown ass man with kanyelover1234 as a handle , bitch ass .
3 .
there is an outside , but you worried about what eye post , bitch ass hoe .
4 .
suck my veiny dick , bitch ass hoe nigga .
url
is n't the military industrial complex propaganda we have to witness every game exactly that ?
what else would you expect from a retarded feminazi swamp donkey
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
yesterday i went shopping and i did not buy a white blouse growth
sorry white men you are just begging to be cheated on vice
we have laws because people commit crimes niggers chimp out they can not get that they flee da hood because of niggers and bitch that racist whites do not want them as neighbors low iq logic from turd flinging monkeys
since the globe is fixated on trying to normalize the growing islamic presence in canada , how about some real reporting ?
how about some actual interviews with canadian islamic leaders .
demand to know if criticism of islam , and even ridicule , of islam is to be tolerated .
and what about sharia law ?
do they agree that it is medieval and never to be in force in canada , and that canadian laws , precedents and legal institutions are sacrosanct .
and what about gender equality , the right for women   to work live and love as they choose . ?
and for those who leave islam , are they to be punished and hunted down like salman rushdie ?
ask some questions for once , instead of feeding us soppy articles like this , or preachy finger - wagging editorials from writers like sheema khan .
islam is growing in canada .
explosively .
within this century , without secularization and smaller muslim family sizes , muslims will be at or near majority status in canada .
we had better know what we 're in for .
if you carried a torch with those nazis , if you marched alongside them as they chanted " jews will not replace us " and " blood and soil " you are not a " very fine person . "
you are , at best , a nazi sympathizer .
at worst , you are a nazi .
if you stood and chanted with men and women who wore hoods emblazoned with confederate flags you are a kkk sympathizer .
if you stand up for these people 's good intentions and walk in solidarity with their " defense of cultural heritage " you are at least a fellow traveler in white supremacy , more likely a white supremacist yourself .
nobody marching with that crowd is a decent person , nobody .
and they all had a hand on the steering wheel , as did trump and his entire group of supporters , every one .
@repdougcollins @realdonaldtrump illegal crossings has turned el paso into a shithole war zone !
keep letting them in and releasing these thugs here and the 50 states will turn into third world countries where killings and poverty take over start raiding them !
@realdonaldtrump
2 whole fags .
will used to take it up the a$ $ from quincy jones .
now jayden takes it up the a$ $ from numerous dudes .
sick .
@malamujerfuerte @latimes каrl marx opened the gates oh hades .
and europe is sinking in this antiwhite racism ocean of colored muslim migrants
man you are straight up retarded .
i hate that you are in the human pool .
you substanially lower us just by being alive you are clearly a wound up neckbeard redneck .
do nt go on any shootings ok ?
just stay calm .... also stop saying cunt , you are american you prick , you do n't even say that word for fuck sake .
that is our word
< number > government agencies work muslim community they are so sick in the head that the social care budget gone london black and muslim youth given millions because they stab each other to death
misprint for change your cocks , transgender community at it again .
idk how bitches trust other bitches sooo easily .
i still have the same friends .
i think she was just a thottie and banging him
the only thing left for you after your first video was an apology video with you giving yourself 500 lashes : 100 for being transphobic , 100 for being white , 100 for being male , 100 for being cis and 100 for being a garbage human .
then from now on opening every one of your videos with an apology for that fiasco .
now all that 's left for you is : welcome to the right wing motherfucker !
a lot of faggots out tonight fuck it like a shitskin pride march
this weekend i return back to the roots and heart of professional wrestling as i 'll be covering and supporting the independent wrestling scene companies like roh , njpw , what culture , evolve , pwg , and so many more
what do you call 2 midget trans people having sex ?
a micro transaction
like i ' ve said before , kevin myers has always been a voice for us here in ireland .
excellent article .
women have become nearly completely useless while they actively try to destroy the very men who built society and and protect them from death only to receive nothing but ridicule in return .
men should let women learn a lesson and let them save themselves .
i bet in a year a hollywood movie will come out that will have a lead actress saving men in herricane harvey .
women are ungrateful and become a detriment to society .
nowhere did the article say " it " was n't .
you 're jumping to conclusions . "
it 's simple - if he has a penis , it 's male , ... " 

 remember ?
< user > the bad bitch life is not for everyone
@unrulysixx wayne a certified goat .
pusha not eem inna same league stop playin
of course this is the most efficient way to solve the too many east south asians problem
the feeling is coming back - the feeling we had under burns and quinn !
you need to cum visit us on the island and spitroast my wife with me .
i want to watch you stretch out her pussy while she is sucking my cock .
last tool in the box trying to make his ugly as fuck pal more attractive to the opposite sex ...... he failed !
what 's that fucking chin about too ?
looks like you could wipe your arse and blow your nose at the same time you fucking creepy cunt !
roughtie : now you are being cute , i worked in the media , gotcha was never a moment for me !
give millie or saullie a call .
virgin ass nigga go get some ass or get a job .
cpu ass nigga ai n't ever gone get no pussy thinkin hackin is cool lame ass somebody crush this fool
but do n't ever fucking dragged me into your drama and affairs .
< user > cell em with the biggest hairiest bull dykes in the joint
this man has indisputably exhibited violent sociopathic behaviors .
this is exactly the type of person that needs to be off the streets and restrained behind bars for the safety of mankind and animal kind alike .
please push for a maximum sentence and psychiatric restraint .
i use to want a lot of bitches but a lot of bitches was never as serious as me do they thought i was on games
omgosh maybe he 'll finally face justice ?
breaking news !
he 's still a rich white man ! ! !
fuck the system ! ! !
justice must be served and this man most certainly needs a mental evaluation .
it does not matter what race anybody is when it comes to mental issues .
majority of killings with a number of victims are of the white race , so let 's stop the racial crap in thank the individual who   risked his life to save these young folks .
there certainly is prejudice folks and we are not helping matters by continued use of carrying it on .
how are we to better our world if we continue being devided ?
thank you to the brave man who possibly saved these young children , may god bless you sir !
this is the best move to make on putin and his unscrupulous hacker cohorts .
even then , some gop lawmakers from the deep south are on the warpath and its only because they 're cowardly bigots from the get - go .
obama is black .
they 're white folks and how dare a black man get in front of them .
cowards .
racists .
for donald 's conspiracy theory to have any chance of being factual it would require all the republican party leaders to be for clinton .
does that seem to have the remotest chance of being true ?
emailgate .
the presidential dream buster .
any comment on this thread that is n't " men are pigs " is getting deleted for ' derailment of the topic "
follow up : did anyone get in contact with manwomanmyth ?
it is pretty much evident to all on this forum that you are blissfully unaware of what happens amongst male prison populations .
here , there is no preponderance of gay men .
90%+ of male prisoners are heterosexual .
and yet , there is a lot of sex happening amongst the inmates .
this is not about preference , but about opportunity ... precisely as observed in the jj study .
have i answered your incessant question ?
jokes on her , i do nt sends and do nt fuck for free , in fact i do nt fuck at all
why did i go to the gay club in florida ?
to get shots
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
some would say it depends on whether one believes that age of consent is too high .
i do n't know how many homosexuals have bee in the priesthood .
but i 'm pretty sure that there are new records being set now .
i ca n't imagine any straight man who would want to join what seems to be a gays - only club .
i was in the 8th grade when she passed and remember the outpouring of love from the tejano community .
beautiful soul gone too soon#ripselena
< user > i remember when it was great country cooking and a hillbilly country store now its just another commercial shops
the bad tempered doctor is being paid his " pound of flesh " for his baby tantrum .
wonder how much is going to ambulance chasing chicago lawyer-35 % or more ?
extreme left sjw trannies are the ones perpetuating violence against what we call sane and rational people period
< user > are u going to be muslim d
america has a responsibility to promote compassion and democracy around the world through assistance to vulnerable and displaced people .
eliminating refugee admittance is not what our nation should be known for .
if your church helps 3 rd world refugees but does not help white american opioid addicts your church is actually a suicidal leftist satanic cult
let them and those kkk and witch looking fuckers go first
fuck the entire human population
what can you expect from a " newspaper " that is almost 90 % advertising and full of junk " news " .
many of the pertinent , substantive issues reported are from civil beat .
the s / a is content to service the advertisers instead of the community .
what have is " penny sheet " type reporting and not leadership of journalism and media .
another great big hurrah for brett oppegarrd .
if you think there are not plenty of programs white people can partake in you are also an idiot .
i live in a white neighborhood and i nigger it tf up
@emilycastilloo8 there 's no need to be sad for a ungrateful ass nigga who did n't know how to appreciate a bad bitch like you 🤫
div i hockey at uaa and uaf was far too ambitious .
i 've been to the sully to watch my alma mater play the seawolves and was always disappointed with the lack of hometown support .
time to cut both teams ; locals obviously have little interest , visiting teams have zero desire to travel this far and play a subpar div i opponent , and the ua system can no longer afford it .
do n't u dare fucking simp today bitch
oh and fyi any jew alive at the time he said that did not kill your jeepnut unless they invented time travel are jews time travelers
the thought of ethnonationalism frightens the blaq man not just because he worried about violence being done to his ppl at the hands of whitey but also because he understands that despite his critiques of white solidarity blaqs are just as hostile towards one another he needs wypipo to blame
another useless promise from a liberal .
liberals were in power for 50 of the last 80 years so why did they ignore the problem all those years .
someone should tell bennet the election is over you won no need for frivolous promises .
everything ages islam is just late the way i see it they are just at that age remember how the church was < number > years ago the plague that fluorished because people thought the devil was using black cats to bewitch people into sickness
@grassdragon193 wrestlemania does n't need hosts .
new day is irrelevant now that there is a real tag team division
hey all of you are not alone in this brothers .
there are so many more than you will ever know .
i am one of them and i am proud to be very white .
almost all parrots nest in tree hollows or nest boxes in captivity and lay white eggs from which hatch altricial helpless young
< user > your actually gon na get raped by bayern bro
we are wiring small houses and nothing stays connected and it was due by the end of today im so done
i m < user > cuz ur retarded 💁 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
one young uyghur man was browsing pornography at an internet café when he fell asleep .
porn is illegal in china 
 illegal websites are blocked in china , not accessible from internet cafes .
this guy paid to watch pornography and fell asleep ?
i suppose they do n't bother to block those really boring porn sites !
enjoyed " wild , " digging the female - centered story , wish we made more nuanced , deep stories like it with nonwhite casts .
< user > it ’ kill to go to the white house and eat some of that white power homophobic fast food chicken he serves
media if you keep calling moderate muslims terrorists you will just end up radicalizing them same media there absolutely no downside to calling all right wing white people nazis
my coworker really said " we should actually be welcoming all the immigrants instead of deporting them because if it was n't for immigration we would n't have met tasha here ... " bitch url
lol we just watched an art thing and i said i loved the japanese artist and my dad said did ching chong chinaman draw it < happy > love that
fact without men pursuing women humanity ceases to exist ok there artificial insemination which is women pursuing men i guess
a dumb ass nigga wo n't know what he got until it 's gone
wow never had such a busy evening until now bluehand family joining gab in droves here all free speech is welcomed if snowflake soy boy leftie sjws are not content with mute or stop follow then they can fuck off to dhimmi moslem cock sucking twatter
@bitchmarck imma shove my long ass balls down your throat nigga
americans everywhere , from the east coast to the west coast and the canadian border to the southern border , know we all need to become prepared to make a good living .
that has n’t happened in rural alaska forever .
there needs to be a pivotal turnaround in the way we deliver education in village alaska .
the infrastructure for good jobs is not there and maybe , never will be .
so what is the pivot ?
at afn we called it knowledge - based education vs the old - fashioned become a this or that and you ’ll succeed .
that is true for some but not all .
i call for a new direction .
teach our children , from pre - school on up , how to make money with money , playing the stock exchange game .
that is probably the only way we will make education worthwhile in village schools .
create knowledge - based jobs in every village .
start small .
start now .
everyday .
pre - schoolers .
kindergarteners .
middle school , high school , and beyond .
money .
that ’s the only commodity out there .
notch , you 're a hoot !
you asked me " how many thou have you given ? "
so i answered .
next time , do n't ask !
women are now against the draft since women will be included soon
these islamic terrorists thugs should face prosecution for inciting violence & threatening the potus , or anyone else .
this thug is an abomination .
like jezebel , these jihadi jezebels will be cast down into hell .
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
< user > ah the redneck revolt kids aka communists
my biggest regret in college ( i just graduated ) was not finding queer friends that were specifically women .
i know several cis gay men and unfortunately we rarely relate to one another .
i never really found queer friends in college and it 's one of my biggest regrets .
that being said , i did witness a girl i know make a lot of friends through my university 's twitter crowd .
she basically tweeted " who wants to be in my queer girl squad " and that worked for her !
people started messaging her to hangout !
even more basic how does someone become so incapable of articulating why something is bad in this case naziism and so uninterested in spouting anything more than retarded planted thought memes it something else to behold
actually , it is the other way around .
the dallas police killings happened because of the murders of two black men in baton rouge and minnesota by racist white police officers this past week .
the dallas shooter micah johnson made it most clear in his phone conversations with police that was the reason for his attack .
do you honestly think that the dallas incident would have happened , if those two black men had not been executed ? ?
if white police officers continue to gun down black people like this , no one will be surprised if more blacks do n't decide to retaliate .
this cycle of violence has to end .
and it was most definitely not black lives matter that inspired johnson to kill .
all other press reports say that he was a follower of the group called the african american defense league , which is on facebook .
aadl specifically called for black people to kill white policemen this week .
look at their facebook page : 

 https://www.facebook.com/aadlafricanamericandefenseleague/ 
 .
fukn jews amirite
i just think coinbase is looking for quick , consumer ready , already adopted to popular online stores , and has a presence in the usa , seems like what they 've been doing , i do n't know that ripple is that yet
it 'll be a cold day in hell before i let any nigga or bitch walk over me .
i do not understand why she apologized faggot is a wonderful word
white boys b flexing their pics of them and a fish like we supposed to swoon over that shit
she looks like the kind of girl who hangs out at the bus stop with a girl friend looking for people to beat up .
like she is the one that holds their arms and has her slightly fatter and slightly sluttier friend punch them in the stomach .
go suck that inbred white cock ya fucking faggot
been a lot of places .
seen a lot of shit .
constantly surrounded by stupid people but new york n florida whole another level of stupid .
" rt @feralcrone : it 's almost 3:30 and women in offices everywhere are thinking " " well , i guess i should eat that fucking yogurt i bought . " " "
@clairecmc # mississippiraids # iceraids who do you think brought them here ? ?
yes that 's right !
and why ?
because they can pay them less and abuse them and make them pay for the abuse done to them , by docking their already low pay !
url
hey gays does anyone wanna be penpals on this app called slowly xo hmu for my i d and we can send virtual letters pls i am so bored
good thing it was nt a white guy shootin a whale then you would really have an uproar .
everyday i i 'm thankful for chubby white women
funny they had to go to 2006 to find anti - ple sentiment for a 2011 news story .
how was that a current news topic , lol ?
" pray for him " ha !
the filthy traitor would burst into flames if she tried .
only altar that old bag ever prayed at is the altar of the cocks she sucked to get to where she is .
fuck that hoe
@grassdragon193 wrestlemania does n't need hosts .
new day is irrelevant now that there is a real tag team division
do n't worry about muslims buddy ... people like u are too obsessed with them ... worry more about how all the homos and all the other lgbtq+++ are taking over your countries ... soon u will be a homo too ... u just do n't know it .
who said anything about " barefoot in the kitchen " ?
or " women should be prim and proper " , for that matter ?
and since when did right - wing deplorables become defenders of women 's rights ?
it 's about simple manners , whether you see it that way or not .
but enough about women ... do you approve of men who boast of grabbing women by their crotches ?
because trump does , and those who support him have no problem with that .
to all the users lurking here from r / askreddit , is there anything you 'd like to ask us ?
no problem for felons to get firearm 's .
they either steal them , buy them on the street corner or black market , or ,   male felons usually have a female around   and if they have a clean criminal record they have them buy the firearm .
build more prison 's ,   take   these idio'ts out of society for a long time .
ms < number > and arabs pouring into the us from the south
@ajanae03 you know not everyone can tell if a persons black or mixed right 😂 😂 if someone sees dark skin tone they assume they 're black , a racist is gon na treat black and mixed people the exact same so i 'm sure they experience the same shit
" we need to bring in immigrants to do the jobs whites wo n't do . "
what jobs were n't getting done before the immigrants again ?
url
[ showerthought ] women paint their faces , but it 's men who wear the mask .
reminds me of a certain donald j. trump and his refusal to be transparent about his taxes .
jt seems to have adopted a similar approach to the matter by obfuscating , deflecting and outright refusing to answer .
i would be interested to know whether our illustrious champion of the middle class and sancho panza to the pm , billy morneau , has benefited from similar arrangements .
well done globe and mail .
keep the pressure on .
i am sure there are some ghetto niggers here in the us that are full retard many can not even construct the simplest of sentences just nigger babble
lines area these is one big garbage graveyard .
no prpr water distribution , choked & amp ; boiling gutters , no playground .
you have got to be a special kind of stupid to get into one of these rape victim transport systems piloted by goathumping sandniggers
@aussieloot @catfnbr @ronnienau @top_faxfox @jarkos @x2twinstwitch @snowfnbr fuck u faggot
i 'm looking for any white females in the fort hood area to talk to .
we 're not taking about wynne here ....
w abbott , 

 god gives us such confirmations so we 'll know we 're doing what he wants us doing and so we will want to continue working with him .
i do n't minister out of compulsion , or any sense that it is what i have to do or am required to do , but that i have the privilege of doing because i am willing to be a conduit for god 's power and love to flow through .
unfortunately , that you are not receiving such blessings screams about your lack of experience working with the holy spirit .
but the wonderful news is that you do n't have to continue that way .
if god can use me , then he can use you and when you start letting him do that , he will give you plenty to celebrate .
no , not at all .
i have " facts " i call fact .
opinions are quite different .
i 've found over the years that those on the right love trying to redefine facts as mere " opinions . "
muddy the waters , sort of .
he 's the unforeseen danger , the keeper of the key to the locks .
know when you see him , nothing can free him .
step aside , open wide ...
i truly believe .... tucker is on the right target ... i wonder when he hits a bullseye
does n't matte who 's in office .... money talks and we are left to clean up the mess .
the problem is the mess is getting too big to clean up .
the day of fiscal - reckoning will come sooner than later .
the islamic states will never allow the palestinians to have a state - period .
the palestinians are more useful as proxy terrorists .
the palestinians are also governed by hamas , a terrorist organization trained , armed , and funded by iran ,   the stated goals publicly time and time again of the palestinians , and   by iran publicly is the total destruction of israel and to kill every jewish man , woman , and child .
the palestinians even   strap munitions on their own   women and children and send them into public markets and places to kill innocent jewish civilians .
for that the family get $ 25,000 eu and the   public praise of hamas and iran .
lisa , charles is not referring to the stocks caldwell already owns , djou is referring to stocks the mayor would have to purchase at some future date to own .
caldwell does not currently own those shares .
do n't forget air force pararescue , because even the seals need to call 911 .
no apologies ice chief says illegal immigrants should live in fear of deportation hotpagenews com r < number >
i bet the nigger did nt have a green card
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
that 's a little inappropriate for a boy , do n't you think ?
@donkeyhotey1 @fenrirwolf26 @theangryape1 now now , mexicans are fine people in the main .
i 'd employ one way ahead of any , say , whining remainer 😀 check out this movie for a top example : url
me , the press , hell even trump himself have been showing you a nonstop barrage of evidence of evil and criminal behavior everyday for years .
this is a man whose career started with doing deals with the damn mafia !
you want more evidence ?
there is none so blind as those who do not wish to see .
there is no shortage whatsoever of evidence .
there is only a shortness of willingness to admit your faith was misplaced .
in my 63 years as an alaskan and working in the male - dominated marine industries , i have had maybe thousands of gropes , threats , sickening suggestions , etc .
never rape .
but , i do n't think of myself as a victim .
i just think ( and know ) that men are beast humans who have not evolved very far from neanderthal .
woman have a few million years on them as far as brains .
poor dudes .... it 's the little brains for them .
< user > < user > what is wrong with white people can white people not be muslim you racist
damn @wendys i can go for some chicken nuggets now . & #
129300 ;
why is it tax payers job to pay for sex enhancers for men , viagra , penile implants etc ?
or their offspring when they refuse to pay child support ?
is that a emotional support service dog ?
as much of a tone deaf liberal as plunkett is , he 's right about this .
one way to ensure failure of tancredo is to hitch brannon to him .
it 's really time for characters like these to meld into the woodwork .
again , we agree .
we do n't need lots of priests ; but we do need the sacraments / rituals .
every community should have their priest - male , female , married , single , gay , straight , trans , whomever they can look toward as their sacral leader .
trump supporters are a special type of willfully blind .
first they empathize with trump 's closet - nazism and if they were are rich as trump they too would have gold toilets .
they ignore the fact that he is a sexual predator who has screwed over the average business owner his whole life .
he lost almost a billion dollars yet they believe he will be good for the economy .
trump supporters are the same people who brought us g.w. bush and his wars and shattered economy .
and now they want to repeat that mistake but worse .
trump supporters believe a silver - spooned billionaire ( who has not experienced one day of want in his existence ) is the man to reverse corporate globalist policies and save them from corrupt politicians .
this even though trump has imported foreign workers , imports steel for his building , and even ivanka 's clothing line is made offshore .
trump supporters are easily conned .
why do you gym muscle faggots not spend more time rushing homophobes
their mirror is easy to spot too .
women who are bad at sex think men must make them cum , and come to believe men are some sort of orgasm gatekeepers .
another precious life wasted on the altar of political correctness .
i love my indian bros
dialectic 

 trying to pass one another on the 
 same side of the sidewalk , 
 then both moving to 
 the other side , 
 and so forth
yeah but we remove their testicles and uteruses .
reason for incels to live # 1 
 you never have to deal with finding out someone is a dirty tranny after you put your cock in their inside out wiener
why tf are white tees so expensive
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number > and a pile of counterfeits .
tim hortons wifi blocks a voice for men 
  just thought everyone should know .
jews defends jews regardless muslims defend muslins regardless christian european attack christians christian people are on their own and jews and muslims have another home we don ffs we do not why can not people understand that it not that difficult
the trump bump continues !
so you think nazis are , in your words , ' totally kewl ' ?
both are forms of racism .
i am   glad to see that you agree that affirmative action is racist .
actually , my take on this is this : where were the oregon state police ?
if a crime spans multiple counties in oregon , should not the oregon state police assist ? ?
what does timothy mcveigh have to do with the subject at hand ?
toronto mortgage payments increased 11.5 % yet the b of c states inflation is at 1.7 % .
gasoline , thanks to cap and trade , is up at least 7 % .
it 's all a bit surreal and in my opinion , interest rates are going to have to rise .
then you 'll see average monthly payments spike even more ......
if u r my girl , i m a be ur # 1 fan & amp ; hype u up 24/7 .
if u r ever feeling sad just send me a selfie .
i 'll gas u up til u feel like a princess
look a white incel just showed up to vomit his neo - colonialist patriarchy .
more conflation of sex and gender ..   i. am .
shocked 🙄 i , a gnc , child free woman , am a survivor of rape who 's had a rape kit exam ( which includes a swipe of my cervix ) and given plan b , why ?
because unlike you , i am female , and those services were created ( and fought for ) specifically to combat the sex based oppression i face as a female .
he will never understand what being female entails no mater how any women refuse to wax his saggy ass male testicles .
fuck him with a sick dick sideways , entitled asshat .
dd is becoming a great # cajun chef .
can you recommend a classic cajun # cookbook or recipe to advance her studies ?
thx :)
so ... when are men going to stop wantonly impregnating women , and start insisting they get to marry a woman before having sex ?
and when are men going to start insist on sticking to only one woman and refuse to be dragged into back allies and ravished by all these sex slave fems ?
when are men going to stop treating women like sex objects
hitler was right about jews .
i ca n't imagine how no one / country doing anything to stop those crimes in palestine .
whoa whoa calling all kikes and niggers the dregs of gab is a bit too woke even for me
@karenrinor @kristinleighqu2 trump in his own words , " i am the most fabulous whiner " and " i keep whining until i win " this is typical trump playing the racist game us vs them .
us white republicans against them .
for white republicans it is a right to be in the us for everybody else its a privilege .
because illegal immigrants can not really survive on the wages they are paid so the government indirectly subsidizes the employers by giving illegal aliens welfare benefits this keeps wages down and allows employers to make even more money while having their actual costs subsidized by the taxpayers
queer eye is literally palatable faggotry for straight people do nt me
you have to wonder what the game was .
his wife videoing the whole thing and commenting as she did .
the f word was used a hundred times , she told scott several times not to do it , although what not is never stated .
he has a history of assault so most likely she is familiar with what he might do .
this whole thing is much like the one a few months back with the girlfriend videoing her boyfriend getting shot in a similar way .
one has to wonder what the game is when you see this repeated .
smells fishy to me .
dem < number > nikes in yellow b da most hard shoes
yes ty i will fight till the end no one will make me shut up speaking out on islam and its danger you over in the usa have some good people on that as well likebill warner robert spencer and pamella geller check their websites cspi jihadwatch org and pamelageller com
< user > whew i hate it here america is so ghetto right now 🥴
women are now against the draft since women will be included soon
as long as black people are entertaining white people then this country will be excited via sports via movies via killing each other .. without african americans this country ai nt shhh
yes .
even the slight pressure from resting your hand will prematurely wear the shifter forks within the transmission and potentially other components too .
same reason you should n't rest your foot on / ride the clutch .
for automatics with electronic shifters , theoretically it does n't matter , but i 'm of the school that it 's hands - off until you plan to shift gears .
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
trump may be male , however he is n't a man .
men have self control , and demonstrate respect for other people .
< user > its ok to be gay
fuck you hoes and pussy niggas
when you 're fighting anything , including injustice and inequality , it 's just smart strategy to enlist sympathetic allies .
discriminating against potential allies ( in this case sympathetic men ) because of their gender , their skin colour , or any other trait they have no control over , is simply dumb .
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
captian !
captain !
a hijacker is on board ! !
i had to ride a bus downtown in the mid 70s , to take the test for my ham radio license .
another obama failure ,   i remember being sick to my stomach when the story first came out .
time magazine had done a featured article on the men who had died looking for this moron .
no , what do they say ?
oh come on now , i get the righteous anger .
the man is a moron but hatred against racialised people did nt start with him , he 's simply joined the bandwagon .
nonetheless , i agree , given this was an attack on muslims , his and putin 's condolences ring painfully , profoundly , ironically , hollow .
i have no doubt that some stupid judge in hawaii or california will try to block presidenttrump reasonable request for more extreme vetting of immigrants from terrorist countries
your feelings doesn't mean shit .
oops i did it again .
you 're going to cry now pussy ?
i find it funny that your bitch ass really thinks your i 'm going to listen to random fag on the internet lmao you really do need to get a life and it does seem like your mom raped you so speak for yourself you jobless bum lolol fucking loner kys bitch keep trying to fucking teach me like to going to do anything you abused bum lol this is n't a classroom you dumb fag 🤣
< user > i ’ m sorry i don ’ t dress like a ghetto hood rat like you
conservatives ... what a joke ... the ones that scream loudest about moral values and anti - gay are the ones who are cheating on their wives or longing for the embrace of another man .
wearing a stupid pin makes them look and feel american ...
actually no , tiny homes are very much the kauhale approach of my mom 's generation .
many sibling families living in very close proximity .
it engenders how we have always lived , together , family time outdoors in the yard , or in the carport talking story .
not coupes up in huge houses .
hawaiians can !
exhibitor : : excuse me , are you japanese ?
me : : sorry , no .
exhibitor : : where are you from ?
me : : oh , i 'm from san diego .
exhibitor : : well , what 's your nationality ?
me : : i 'm american .
exhibitor : : no , you know what i mean .
what 's your ... background ?
me : : ... i 'm filipina .
exhibitor : : oh .
i lived in japan for a few years .
i love anything asian .
at an international women 's festival .
the left is upset that trump is an agent of russia .
he will try to destroy nato , the biggest military threat russia has .
she was a holocaust survivor died on rosh hashanah
jews pull the same shit on online forums close down all criticism of them and ban threaten people in sherdog i mentioned jews in a couple of posts and all of a sudden some mod is leaning on me the fucker has an illuminati avatar
i am sick of hearing about the grenfell tower fire it was a muslim bomb factory that blew up
... the revival is here !
it 's not about the booty - o 's or pops , because the # topguys are here on # raw ! #
rawaftermania
ok , i 'll take your bait .
here 's the guy who boasts about grabbing women by their genitals : 

 " there 's nobody that has more respect for women than i do " 

 is this a " disputed interpretation or a strawman " ?
and on top of that , niggas who used to talk about me or bulky me growing up always try to fuck with me now & # 129318;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️ fuck onnn !
@sensanders certainly explains democrats purity test for blacks , muslims , and queers in 2019 ... as antifa firebombs people of color being protected by those wonderful government employees ( the ones you were worried about during the shutdown)at ice ... what race is socialism again ? ...
if said in a statement along these lines : " i 'm not gay , but i support gay rights . "
is it still hurtful ?
i think i 've written along the lines of that before and thought of it as an equivalent of " i 'm not a woman , but i support women 's rights . "
now i 'm not even sure if that 's harmful .
i 've meant it as " even though i 'm not part of this group , the need of improvement for them is so obvious that even i can see it " .
keep 
 christians and jews started this by taking over land in palestine .
christians - bush and blair killed thousands needlessly .
yet this man is a monster and blair and bush are free men .
trump is the preferred candidate for " poorly educated " white people .
no more and no less .
putin loves " poorly educated " white americans too .
unfortunately , trump voters do n't care why putin loves them .
at least putin is a white man .
that is enough for trump voters .
too bad he thinks he is a russian first .
who cares you fucking faggot .
oh no , faggot is a slerr
no it will not we are a movement not a group of atomized individuals you are a very stupid person btw you meant dregs but you have the vocabulary of a retarded nigger
why are all non - binary people biologically female ?
i have n't encountered a single non - binary male so far .
do you want black folks to rescue you ?
we have been working for white folks since the minute we got here .
heck , there were black slaves here before the mayflower reached the plymouth rock .
now you complain that a black man did n't solve your problems .
i guess you are one of those takers that want free stuff from the government .
lets see what trump does for you .
he is letting your cherished timber funds go away .
what do you think he will do next for the " poorly educated " white folks that elected him ?
hawaii is the ideal location for a " tent city " , which has been successful in arizona , even though they have extreme summer temperatures .
there are several remote locations in hawaii that would work very well .
a tent city would cost a fraction of new building costs , so of course the unions and politicians would be strongly opposed .
they are canadian !
the " send her back " chant was foul ( though not illegal or even hateful and not particularly racist as it applies to anyone who plots and schemes to overthrow the nation regardless of melanin content ) .
trump left it as her choice .
the crowd 's speech " required " it -- and let 's remember " the squad " are the authoritarians here .
people oppose her because she stands against liberty and the core tenets of western society .
it would have been wise for trump to stop the chant and point this out so he would have had the image of holding the high[er ] moral ground .
seems like you do not know much about anything low iq low t only soy boys and muzzies pick on women so which is it
it was a gay community party at the park .
i went to watch .
they had a sweet stage built hanging out from greystone .
tons of production .
fireworks obviously .
fucking slant retard
sessions cites bible to defend separating immigrant families hotpagenews com r < number >
you 're right , my original intent was just to remind peepole how fuckdd religion is general
i agree with you - my husband and i both work on the slope and would fall into he highest tax bracket since we have no kids .
we already pay very high taxes with few deductions , contrary to the popular belief that higher wage earners have lots of tax loopholes .
the permanent fund is extra income for alaskans so that should be the first place to reduce or eliminate temporarily .
meanwhile the state needs to reduce spending just like all of the oil companies have done on the slope to balance their p&l 's .
and yes , it means sacrifice .
for the companies on the slope it meant cutting jobs and wages , drastically reducing catering services , selling assets , renegotiating contracts , streamlining etc .
the bottom line is that everyone was affected and everyone sacrificed from entry level employees to management .
all alaskans should be expected to have some skin in the game , not just those of us who work .
oh ok !
i thought we were talking about a trans woman .
< user > helping immigrants from all over the world drain the prosperity from developed nations via un immigration pact
me to a girl : are you pills without water because i 'd swallow you hard and i 'd be thirsty after doing it ... wait i swear i 'm not gay , let me try again .... are you a penis , because i wanna suck you dry .... fuck .... it always comes out wrong .
my problem is i forgive people , that 's not meant to be fucked with&#129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
i am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .
someone slap her bitch ass
donald ass rapes ethiopians
thon maker is proof the 1 year of college rule is dumb .
for some people it does nt make sense and they can develop so much more in the nba
another excellent article , lisa !
dinnertime has not changed at all in my lifetime .
if using my platform to be as queer and gay etc as possible online means other people become comfortable with being themselves too , then i will continue to do this to my grave .
this experience alone is enough to never stop me from being me .
why do women care so much about being on the same level as men when men actually do not give f**k < censored > need some education here
not every forecast and opinion is a trading opportunity , you have to define and manage risk otherwise you 're just gambeling . #
tradetip
personally , i think that the united states would have been better off if an equivalent to the british penal codes had been adopted here .
the suffocating influence of catholicism and radical evangelism would have been nipped in the bud to the greater good .
one can note that although new zealand had different areas sponsored by different protestant missionary groups in ; anglicans and presbyterians , lgbt and contraceptive rights in society there have been settled , unlike in the united states where so called " christian conservatives " , have made a faustian bargain with the pro neo nazi , pro kkk and non white , anti woman ( calling any non kitch , kirche and kinder only woman a man hating , lesbian " feminazi ) , lgbt loathing , war mongering potus called trump to impose their christianity on others !
when u just pulled up to the party and niggas already beefing url
competing with chad is like fighting the final boss in a dark souls game 
 and you used a cheat , so you 're still level one .
her dad , atz , was my counselor at jesse lee .
says the man who voted for and continues to support a pathological liar .
that is n't even irony .
irony is more subtle .
this is stupidity .
oy vey the shoah blue bloods last night had a white guy doing polar bear hunting knockout game of elderly at least he wasn t blond this time like hawaii < number > < number > did with last nights innocent moslem framed for terror
good point have been learning russian since my last gf she was born in saint petersburg and really think i could make a productive living in either st p or moscow but the language is a bitch
# twosecondcomebacks " you 're too sensitive . " "
no , you 're not sensitive enough . "
the mighty racist spews his hatred of the white man again .
do you ever say anything that does not have the word white man in it ?
i am sorry you were not born all white , just part , but try harder to deal with it .
white women should be capped at 999 followers
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
true , but their lawyers do n't usually come out stating " they have a story to tell " .
let us give a surname as * * bharat maata * * to all our women .
that will send shivers to wannabe perpetrators .
sean hannity is dumber than a bucket of rocks .
he defends all the pervs on fox news , and this crazy loon roy moore .
total dismisses all the victims .
but he was bill clinton 's   judge , jury and executioner .
sean hannity is the most vile man on earth .
what 's salisbury 's favourite ice cream flavour ?
rasberry skripal
sleeping alone is ghetto 😭
he ca n't and never has all his life .
so if something works for him why should he stop now ? .
but hey he is a feminists so that is all good right ?
that woeful scottish faggot millennial whiner only attacks little nicky fuentes and shamelessly cucks for fembot tara because woesy dreams of sucking der martin balls while martin fucks britt tara and that mudshark kike whore lauren
here 's another perspective : trudeau went into the election with a commitment to electoral reform .
his party have since listened to the electorate and heard that there 's not a lot of support for such a move .
they then did the right thing - dropping the initiative .
and here 's a request : could we just drop the vitriol over all this and , again , listen to the electorate ?
why no criminal charges / why is this man not in jail ?
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i would have two dollars .
i 'm guessing incel .
i know if my child was going to grow up to be an incel i 'd abort them right away .
i 've always wanted to # write a sandbox world inspired by soylent green .
it 'd take a * lot * of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting
mueller is not retarded or incompetent he is just very slow at finding the evidence that was never there in the beginning next he needs to look on the moon and the craters of mars
mr.   pickard consistently speaks truth to power .
i expected more of minister bennett .
why the paralysis ?
go shoot up a school 💪
be a lady .
not a bitch .
did you ask her why no further review has ever been conducted ?
" ..... clark may have been killed because she was about to blow the whistle on sexual assaults and drugs in her guard unit .
a special state investigator hired to examine the guard highlighted the death as a case that deserves further review ...... " 

 https://www.alaskapublic.org/2016/01/05/family-suspects-guard-scandal-at-play-in-pregnant-soldiers-death/
i am certain that these klowns are going to try to knot me up when i leave this wretched state i just saw the retard who tried to bait me and burn the house down at the dmv today f*ck < censored > it i will roll like furiosa witness shiny and chrome
# yemen : famine , death , and destruction .
if # iran - backed # houthis and # saudi - led coalition care about # yemenis , they should end the yemen war now # yemencantwait 💔 url
bull !
every alaskan who did not vote for trump , cast a vote that did not count !
the electoral college is outdated and protects an antiquated system that is no longer relevant .
the electoral college has made my vote irrelevant .
it ’s enough to make one decide not to vote in a presidential election at all , but i wo n’t give anyone that satisfaction .
perhaps the reason 43 % of eligible voters chose to forego their right and duty is precisely because as long as the electoral college is in place , their votes do n’t matter if their state goes to a candidate for whom they did not vote .
that 's me @ogechiokoye7 : i swear i do n't feel like going anywhere ... i just want to lay in bed all day
@donkeyhotey1 @fenrirwolf26 @theangryape1 now now , mexicans are fine people in the main .
i 'd employ one way ahead of any , say , whining remainer 😀 check out this movie for a top example : url
thank god for donald trump !
hope you all get deported !
what kind of military does mexico have ?
deport all the criminals , keep the hard working immagrant men and women with families here , they are an assett to this country .
but the thugs , criminals need to go !
los angeles looks like a 3rd world country .
can not even help our own people because the system is being bogged down by illegal criminals that want to fly their own flag !
i mean who do you think you are ?
enough is enough !
game over !
ty mr. trump !
rob , i am surprised at you .
punishment and hate are not synonymous .
surely you of all people have heard of bdsm .
apparently it 's how republicans say " i love you " : 

 http://www.dailydot.com/irl/close-encounters-column-rnc-republicans-cleveland-sex/
i never saw what others saw in him he talked too much about the failure war on drugs nobody cares about pot asshole build the wall imprison democrats stupid bastard can not get priorities straight fix drugs by removing beaners and killing big pharma
lines area these is one big garbage graveyard .
no prpr water distribution , choked & amp ; boiling gutters , no playground .
america needs to focus on whether it is going to be a falling empire , like the old soviet union , with rich powerful people stealing everything that does n't move , or is it going to be what it was during the 1950 's and 1960 's , a country with a strong industrial base and a tax rate that allows congress to pay debts .
i include the ' 60 's because america still needs to integrate the poor and powerless into the culture .
if the republican party does n't get it together and keeps on with its three part focus on taking from the poor to give to the rich , destroying health care for the poor , and being a party ( country ) for rich white folks who make up the investor class , america has no chance .
we will just become another pretend democracy , like putin 's russia .
first things first , trump needs to go .
hugh massengill , eugene oregon
your the faggot with a fish tank .
your life must be pathetic as fuck
ionn got no type bad bitches is the only thing that i like
it scary really the far left has successfully brainwashed most white kids of my generation into self hatred and white guilt i have literally been told by a hispanic that you can not enjoy football because you are white and that not racism to my peers unbelievable
try telling those low income disabled whites who have lost their housing due to immigrants taking the social housing those who are too scared to walk down the streets that they benefit from islam what a liar
china is producing nuke power for 4.5   cents a kilowatt hour 
 clean energy is cheap and finnish style disposal is an issue only if you are 
 entirely science illiterate    ....   the precambrian shield duhhh
memorial day remember why we fought so white women can serve black men who then crap out the food later dmtbka
wait what that s not true tho is it o this is nt even true stop trying < number > scare me u stupid alt right neo nazis actualy it is u nazis who they r watching cos of ur violence and terorr
you fuqing retard ima rip your entrails and use them to hang you by the nutsack
i 'm just asking you about the words you claimed are fruity and gay , and how they 're fruity and gay .
you have not yet answered that question .
i 'm starting to believe you ca n't .
just a tru ho .
go suck a dick fagit kike
king abdullah of jordan has agreed to open the first refugee tent city to accept the refugees currently stuck in greece and italy because hungary and poland wo nt take them for eight years obama said jordan would never accept refugees trump maga freedomcaucus
and they could not even get attractive models to wear those retarded crayon scratching designs
meanwhile little girls are sold in refugee camps where imported men then claim to be their fathers they are only raped and subjected to fgm and slavery but dare < user > find a moral obligation to call that out and strike against it why do not those children matter enough
self admitted sexual predator ?
you mean he was recorded in private making the type of sexist remarks that all men make in private with the guys .
however most men are not recorded doing it .
however , in fact , none of this make him any more a sexual predator than any man on earth .
there is no grounds to deny him anything based on this .
the majority of male world leaders are sexist pigs .
i do n't think you 'll find anyone disagreeing with you on that , faithful catholic .
is n't it a healthy thing to have dissenting voices allowed at last !
long may it continue .
i just wish previous popes had allowed the same freedoms instead of resorting to silencing tactics like sackings , removal of licences to teach and excommunications .
sorry but it is not even close .
william sessions was fired for ethical reasons , like not paying some taxes , having fencing put in on his property on the taxpayers dime , and using an fbi plane to visit family .
he also was not investigating bill clinton at the time .
please stop deflecting .
any type of investigations , reports , or arrests silva did throughout his career should be nullified due to his self admitted lack of credibility .
friend at the grocery store in spokane , washington : : " look at that man in the high heels , wig , and cone - like fake boobs !
he must be a total loon ! "
mr mbalula .
you are the minister of police .
when can we expect your corrupt colleagues to be prosecuted ?
i believe charges have been filed .
so stop pretending to care and take action .
your words are meaningless hypocritical drivel until you do .
oh , and please refrain from commenting on economic concepts .
when did you ever run a business ?
when did you ever contribute a single cent to our gdp ?
you clearly think only of taking from the people who do to give their hard earned income to your buddies and voters ... and then you call it redistribution .
is this form of organised theft to buy you votes really the only policy you can offer ?
maybe you think your black colleagues are simply too useless to compete in an open capitalist economy ?
if i was one of the many highly competent black businessmen and women in this country i would be quite offended by you .
“ rescued prisoner of war ” ?
he was a deserter , who put himself , his fellow soldiers , and his nation at grave risk .
his “ rescue ” was purchased by the blood of the current and possible future victims of the 5 terrorists for whom he was shamefully exchanged .
his time in captivity , which he brought upon himself , was not enough of a punishment to be considered punishment especially in light of the fact that 6 us soldiers were killed looking for him after he deserted his post .
we do n’t owe bergdahl anything .
denying him healthcare services is n’t about “ cost savings ” , it ’s about not giving him something he so clearly does n’t deserve .
mcgivern seems to suggest that bergdahl ’s traitorous actions are the army ’s fault , and not his own .
ridiculous and , quite frankly , insulting to every man and woman who served their country honorably .
as if the army knew the man was mentally unstable when he enlisted .
clearly mcgivern has never served .
perhaps a stringent mental exam would preclude her too .
i find it odd how we ca n't seem to take our families anywhere without provisions lately ( water , snacks etc . ) .
our exchange student from france found it weird too .
she would always refuse the offer of   a water bottle for car trips , and was the only one not clamoring for a washroom break within the first hour .
i think we are reaping the results of longstanding misguided dietary advice , including but not limited to , low fat foods ( higher in carbohydrates ) , frequent small meals and obsessive hydration .
i suspect that one 's stomach needs to be empty some times .
otherwise , no one is truly hungry when they eat , and eat he wrong things and for the wrong reasons .
a really good teacher or tutor could have implemented both the interest and the subject into problems .
you can not say you support victims of sexual abuse harassment if you have actively said someone was lying about being raped in order to protect your friends reputation
you 're either a male or female , ya retarded piece of frog eating cunt
it a proven medical fact that retards do not know how to use punctuation in a sentence it also a fact that only a homo can tolerate homos do you pitch or catch or both
everyone hates me 
 i always get kicked in counter strike despite carrying my teams and being the best player but now i ve just been perma - banned in forsen 's chat , what did i do to deserve this feelsbadman : gun :
lol sorry you guys swtiched to a new depop page ☺ ️ so you 're going to get a little flooded with postings
i will ask but i doubt she will go for your ghetto trash ass when she could get a black dick that attached to someone with money instead of a crack habit
bisexual ?
should be ' trysexual ' .
they 'll try anything as long as it feels good , you know ?
it 's like , where does it end ?
just stick to one , either men or women .
one second it 's men , then it 's both , then it 's animals and children .
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
" " " " national strategy to prevent gender - based violence " " " 

 apparatchiks saying that through government strategy they can stop a women from raping a man or vice versa 

 the end of the marxist era is coming .
this never ending marxist dogma that government can control how a man or women interacts with their opposite sex is idiotic at best and really really creepy and dangerous at worst .
government is endlessly trying to control every thing in this country .
you ca n't legislate how a person acts .
your never ending attempt to take over our souls is shameful
transparency kinda like what the bisexual moslem nigger was hawking never delivered
what a dumb albino ape ass bitch
" you statistic just indicates " 
 no g s it does n't .
the cdc is talking about relationship violence not simple sexual assault .
in fact the quote given never even mentioned sexual assault .
you would know that if you had bothered to look at the material from which the quote was made .
and as i clearly indicated above i was talking about domestic violence , not sexual assault .
women in lesbian relationships are 25 % more likely to be a victim of domestic violence than women in heterosexual relationships .
that is n't my interpretation that is the data the cdc has gathered .
two events at dalhousie are interesting to compare .
in the first , a few years ago , feelings were hurt of a small group of women dentistry students , to do with the women complaining about what some male dentistry students had written on a password - protected chat site .
the response of the globe and mail , cbc and toronto star was swift and , within weeks , about a hundred outraged articles and opinion pieces and columns and editorials were given prominent page space .
in the second , a young man , student at dalhousie , was murdered by a dalhousie medical student , the man being a business acquaintance of the student .
men in north america are three times more likely to be murdered than women .
and yet the murder of the student led to only a small handful of straight news reports , ending today with the guilty verdict .
no stream of columns expressing concern about men being slaughtered much more often than women .
to media , value of a few women 's hurt feelings trumps value of life of a man ?
why am i only seeing arabs attack that wolfie female
hypocrites more gems from kimmel here he has women feel his crotch to guess what he stuffed in his pants kimmel you should put your mouth on it
oh you noticed i am actually a russian nazi jew nigger boomer millennial cuck racist faggot bigot moron what else ya got
ethnic diversity is what makes our armed forces and our nation so strong , thanks for your service from a us army veteran with 23 years of service .
death from supernatural is the best looking ugly guy i 've ever seen
how to describe hypocrisy all the folks calling on trump to call out white nationalism had not been able to call out antifa blm islamicterror how worse can their hypocrisy be
then go back to india bitch where the brownies shit in a gutter and get sold into marriage by their dads to the highest bidder .
fiveo- thank you for your updates .
listen you little shit , i 'll take you on if you pay tribute .
i want nothing but your money in my account .
and maybe to lock your puny dick up and wear the key around my neck so you ca n't waste time jerking it .
but maybe beforehand i 'll make you wear my dirty panties , jerk off in them , and then eat your own cum - and you 'll love it because i told you to , you little faggot .
< user > what about minor girls being raped by muslim men recent mms would you assure it wo nt happen
fb so ghetto 😭 😭 whew
for all the taxes they take out of my paycheck the least they could do is send me a picture of the ghetto family i am supporting to hang on my fridge
genders are like the twin towers at first there were two of them , but now it 's a sensitive subject
men are fucking terrible and virtually useless amirite ladies :')
< user > < user > animals kill more lhan abuse their bodies with homosexualism that means you think humans murdering is more natural than commit perversion of homo
in reading some of the comments by trump worshipers , i ca n't help but think of voices extolling the virtues of their cult leader .
muslim agenda is expand radicalislam destroy all other religion stop muslim migration to usa maga
depressed guy makes post in r / askwomenadvice , gets absolutely shit on for being an ugly male
under the terms of ancsa ( which , remember , was passed to pay alaska 's original inhabitants for the land that was stolen from them ) they are entitled to free medical care .
suggesting that indigenous people should move from their homes to a foreign city after a century and a half of mistreatment in order to receive the services to which they are entitled to have delivered in their village is , quite simply , racism .
trump deserves every opinion .
he asked for it with his dishonorable campaign .
i m trying to not be on my phone during school but this guy in my class is pissing me off so bad i need a distraction
" police are taught to look for unusual and suspicious behavior " , " black male between 25 and 35 " those are code words / language to just pull over and harass black people .
that 's like being bisexual- it 's not real !
from canada .
you americunts should get out of the middle east .
i personally hope each and every americunt is sent home in .
a body bag .
this item does not include volumes 11 and 12 , which have not yet been published .
tbh this video tells me to be proud that i 'm a girl/ women , and the fact that i 'm bi sexual and watching this video has boosted my confidence in my sexuality , thx miley , i now look up to you ❤ swish swish mother fuckers
i know its like a hide and go seek game this white flight stuff .
so disappointed in the super bowl game i only shot < number > coons and no possums or coyotes or fox i d be a millionaire if i had non mangy coyotes or foxes the coons are not more than ornaments gamo whisper brain junker at < number > yards
your explanation for jesus ' commandment against divorce is rubbish , no matter how many times you smugly state it .
this is not what jesus said :   " amen , amen i say to you , that because women are treated like chattel , i , jesus , perfect liberal that i am , now tell you brothers :   no man or woman shall divorce ( except for adultery ) because it is the put - away wife who gets screwed .
this will change in time , but until then , what i tell you is the will of god . "
that 's not what happened .
jesus told us the reason for his commandment against divorce :   " what god hath joined together   . . . "
you may disagree with jesus ' reasoning , but that was his stated reason , the only one he mentioned .
your logic also overlooks that divorce was allowed for one ( and only exception ):   adultery .
if jesus forbade divorce only , or even mainly , to protect married women , he would have allowed women ( and only women ) to divorce on additional grounds ( e.g. severe physical abuse or attempted murder ) .
going to a resort for my sister wedding in a few months got some pretty dresses of all the middle aged women there who have had two < number > lb babies in the last < number > yr i will be the hottest my policy is set the bar high but achievable
bs , " the latest snapshot of the electoral college map heading into the final days is a little more favorable to trump , but clinton still holds a clear advantage . "
http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/04/politics/road-to-270-electoral-college-map-november-4-duplicate/index.html
lock him up
@lawrencelondonx your pussy is so amazing .
my dick was very hard
and that little cunt is just begging for your panties to be ripped off , shove in your mouth and my cock slammed into it while i hold you down by your throat .
friend at the grocery store in spokane , washington : : " look at that man in the high heels , wig , and cone - like fake boobs !
he must be a total loon ! "
you do n't waste a 1st round draft pick on a 3 year project
< user > exactly trust fund brat trudeau wants all the muslim immigrants my canadian friends are freaking too
i was speaking of american society and western society in general .
women historically played different roles when child bearing and physical strength were primary distinguishing factors .
historically wars were fought with swords and brute strength rather than push buttons of today .
women did not do war since the average woman would have been slaughtered in the melee .
society evolves in step with practicalities of the day .
in our age children are not so much needed and strength is of much less importance .
regarding muslims , their society will evolve according to the practical needs of their society .
custom can not long resit the force of the practical .
regardless , today we americans believe in equality for all and criminal transgression must be viewed accordingly .
each and every one of us can contribute to a wise society .
who is so naive to think that men go on the howard stern show and tell the truth about themselves ?
by the very nature of the show and the host of the show it is a place to go and joke and b.s .. it 's a show for braggarts and comedians and comediennes .
howard stern is known as a shock jock .
he 's constantly fishing for sex stories and confessions .
anyone with half a brain goes on there and doesn't contribute anything but bovine excrement .
no one is serious with stern .
he himself is n't serious .
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
class ?
republicans are not a " class " properly speaking but rather members of the republican party or voters who vote republican .
just as democrats are not socio - economically homogenous , neither are republicans .
as for shame , reasonable people do n't expect cretins to have any which is why mr. bahr 's letter is so perplexing .
i suspect he does n't have a sense of humor since trump is obviously supremely ludicrous if in a " sick humor " sort of way .
let 's face it , he makes all americans look pretty stupid .
but he really is a perfect fit for the republican party , a sort of culmination of sorts of their years of smoking political crack .
are republicans scary ?
obviously .
white ghouls always are but instead of them getting a rope and wildly looking for a black man any black man , they 're coalescing around a guy that 's going to drive their party into the ground .
poetic justice is indeed gratifying .
go fuck yourself you narcissistic bitch
you look at every person in the bible who had more than one wife and look at how messed up their lives became
the conceit and narcissism among the ncr types is stunning , a little humility is in order .
do n't break your arm patting yourself on the back ms. morris - young !
everyone go out and start an anonymous twitter account .
post pictures of underage drinking and talk about your friends and loved ones
i do n't think you know what free speech means ...
front line hfd and hpd did helluva job !
ca n't say the same for anyone else when you have neves acting like a cheerleader in the background looking like a deer in the headlights .
we 're putting a case study together .
one of the more interesting parts is the routing and display is remotely controlled .
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
this nigga just finds the littlest shit to call out on a movie it 's a movie nigga not real life
yep it should help relax his sphincter muscle .
blake lively is a bad bitch period
rt @lunagaristo : transphobic asshole : trans people do n't exist * me disappearing into the air * : thank fucking god , i do n't even want to …
hawaii does n't have any financial issues whatsoever .
the rail is under budget ( instead of 3.2 billion i believe it 's more like 2.5 billion )   and ahead of schedule ; it just is n't being reported .
the cars look great .
the trip from kapolei to ala moana takes under 30 minutes , beating all those on the freeway .
the new bicycle racks on top of the train are totally full , so the riders are not having any issues navigating the city ( instead of using gas guzzling taxis or buses ) .
the latest trend for rail riders is black nehru jackets and matching pants ; quite a sight as they crisscross the city .
the good news is there are a few extra seats on the train .
obviously the judge realizes that   because hillary is n't the president , we must oppose any attempt by trump to temporarily stop people from visiting from countries like somalia .
they have a right to ride the train ; preventing them from visiting hawaii is pure discrimination .
i have thought about getting a passport and traveling to different countries to meet foreign women
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
what a headline ..... "freewheeling" .... more like lunacy .
this man is less professional then most teenagers .
only a twit lives in a twitter world and uses it for all communication .
his accusations and treatment of the media is obnoxious .
where are wilkes boothe and oswald when they are really needed ?
this takes money away from smaller private firms .
bad business .
events of karbala are for every muslim to mourn and not only shias
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
< user > < user > they kill all the women and rape all the horses
fuck me hard and empty your balls on my face url
@scrowder oh shit i did n't realize ilhan watches infowars .
bc the whole jews run the world through mind control is a far - right conspiracy that goes along with the great replacement / white genocide bullshit .
destroy photoaparat have picture neihhbors in grape < number > < number > is full of garlic and onion like horror films
what a crappy article .
3/4 of it is copied from another source ....
mmm .
i 'd love to spray my cum all over those big beautiful tits .
cool .
now do caged children , people without healthcare , unarmed black men , refugees fleeing horrible conditions and americans who want to go about their business and not be mowed down .
america 20:20 url
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > juju is a threat to your white supremacy you enjoy privilege of treated as a superior race over black race that why you always want to suppress and discredit juju always when he speaks for us blacks
kevin o'leary , 

 please learn french .
how dare you oakland mayor libby schaaf and governor jerry brown put our national security at risk think that illegal immigrants are more important than american citizens put american citizens and law enforcement officers lives in danger
el paso is a border town .
i 'll bet you every fucking dollar i have that the shooting today was not done by an undocumented immigrant .
better to have a moment of silence and put an end to the circus performers .
they will not have won .
the power of prayer is that it does not need to be done at that moment or at that place .
a number of years ago there was a college course , " organizational behavior " introducing how businesses have certain behavior in organizing and operating , often unique to their particular product .
we recognize this in many large corporations today , especially those that have very quickly become major world players .
many encourage and thrive on creativity and innovative skills that reward both the company and the individuals who have greatly improved revenue .
religious institutions over the years develop various functioning categories , and once begun , seldom if ever are eliminated , but continue with no requirements to justify their existence ; some even continue the same name or title as 50 or more years ago .
looking through the list of each conference 's many departments , what are their duties and how has it made an impact or added new member ?
how many members have even seen or had an interaction with any of these department leaders ?
have they made a difference ?
the muslims have fled and are claiming benefits in europe and the jews are sitting safe and sound in new york and washington rubbing their hands together spending the proceeds of stolen oil
why did full blow porn just pop up on my tl 😒 which one of you niggers
like the medical scientists who claimed that fats in everyday food like butter was a hazard to human health for decades and recently ( like rosanne rosanna danna on early snl ) say - nevermind !
scientists make mistakes - sometimes big ones .
critical thinking is important .
go back amit shah bengal welcomes you the shiver youhad instilled in the illegal immigrants is the reason for these guys to prick on their pants
ion ask nobody to do shit for me i get shit done by myself a bitch be expecting too much like no
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > lynching in the united states says what about repeated acts of racism by canadian prime minister isis jihadis allowed back into canada had slaves they brutally raped and killed yazidi and christian women so the slave owners were supported by lpc
this cold kicking my ass has me whimpering into # nationalpoetrymonth
also , it 's so sad to see so much pre made crap in their grocery buys .
limousine libtards like the retarded asshole justin trudeau do not worry about who will move into their neighborhoods they have ways to keep out the same undesirables that they joyfully foist on ordinary people you can bet his children will never go to a public school with muslim students
your jumping up and down the comment with your , uh , opinions reminds me of a great quote from plato .. 
 " wise men speak because they have something to say ; fools because they have to say something . "
hint for you sweeny todd , you 're not the wise man .
" perdue said he also raised concerns about how u.s. wheat is priced in canada , and about how u.s. wines are displayed for sale in some provinces . "
i agree ... putting a sign up beside a jug of ernest and julio gallo 's carlo rossi saying it 's a favorite in the " sonny perdue " household would put me off too ... especially when the best before date was tomorrow !
@browneyes124337 you go immigrate back to europe or africa .
take your grandparents too .
cause america is an immigrant country .
the only true americans are the native indians .
bye .
no no personal accountability here and no whites arrested must be institutional structural racism yeah that it yep all that racism is keeping asians from raising their kids and having families too damn whites damn them goddamn america
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
no , i converted to catholicism .
i chose to be catholic and i am very blessed and thankful for it .
niggas acting like bitches
it 's pro choice !
women who have had to make the decision to terminate their pregnancies are not pro - abortion .
your slant is obvious .
keep your white male hands   and heads ( pun intended ) out of my health care decisions .
how could a man who went through his life being a clergy could not dream of being united to 
 god but let children being raped by other clergies ?
and bishops / prelates condone rapist clergies ?
you not only sent children to hell on earth but sent rapist clergies burn in h@ll .
so catholic institution is in the business of sending souls to h@ll , instead to heaven ?
save this for the next time a goatfucker uses a truck
dude it is dressed like a whole dyke out here 😏 😂 😂 😂
and a cucked sand nigger no less
url    two dick in my pussy .
double penetration .
gangbang .
group - free sex videos incest arab      url    url    url # الترجي_الوداد
i get all that .
my point is he has not expressed " socially conservative views " .
his views on sex ed are based on support for charter rights to religious accommodations and multiculturalism , not conservative religious views .
so toronto police are investigating a ` ` racist '' ` ` alt - right '' poster found on a telephone poll near a school .
hilarious that an adjacent article on today 's page is :   texas teachers give “ most likely to become a terrorist ” award to 13 - year - old 15 hours ago .
and just last week , two georgia teachers gave an award to an adhd student for " least likely to pay attention . "
let 's arm every teacher .
why stop at a few ?
< user > correction 6 th grade black girl who said she was held down by three white boys who cut her dreads has admitted her story was false ftfy this is how it was reported by every msm outlet lets not allow the details to be forgotten
illegal immigrant humor
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
suck a dick and die
hahahaha 🙃 not my fault that you forgot my birthday 🙂 i hate you
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
my first thought when i saw this video was that dog is about to get eaten .
so i kept quiet and allowed the uninitiated to think he was just being cute and kind .
of course the dog got ate .
it 's a freaking polar bear !
they 're never nice ! ! !
doh !
ca n't talk w / males , ca n't grasp anything more complicated than a video game .
@dylan_vadnais24 ca n't talk sports with females .. call me sexist
me and < user > were talking about it cosplayers and she was like if this richie cosplayer took off their glasses they would look like mike but they re white stranger things
i do n't care about the ranking .
i care about the reality .
@realdonaldtrump @swedishpm thank you sir for all you are doing for all americans
< user > bro change your twitter name back it ’ literally nazi u realize that right
@fredycruz510 @babyave _ i know this is wrong but us black people make fun of white people all the time
they said her mom was mixed and her dad was black .
her moms skin is white .
her dad had to be mixed too .
because if not , their daughter would have been darker than her mom .
+ logicalatheist conspiracy ?
you a foggot or lgbtq ?
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
go suck a dick u shit stain
oh my fucking god clay i literally had to take off my earbud what 's happening with his it 's getting bad
this is the new lowest bar for a woman 's retort . "
i might be a horrendous person and a massive liar who trivializes actual victims , but * shuffles deck * you ca n't make a girl cum "
the town where i live is still < number > white thank god more spics and niggers by the year though no darkies working at wendies though
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
dd is becoming a great # cajun chef .
can you recommend a classic cajun # cookbook or recipe to advance her studies ?
thx :)
< user > < user > they sound like they are islamic
< user > i ca nt handle their white asses 😭 😭
how do i work so much amp still be broke adult hood is so ghetto
i feel like such a yt gay when i listen to kim petras but fuck i ca nt resist i m so sorry
apparently , traveling to the protest with his weapon and bringing along 4 extra ‘ high capacity ’ clips for his gun … ..   and ‘ staging ’   a confrontation   claiming unarmed people are shoving ,   punching and kicking you and forcing you to draw your weapon because you fear for your life from attacks via ‘ hand to hand combat ’ … …… …… ..   looks a little like planning ahead to commit a mass shooting ,   especially when those you claim are punching and kicking you are more than 15 feet away from you and could not have reached you , let alone punch and kick you … .
silly justice system ,   he is a white man brandishing a gun ,    his intentions must be honorable , purposely traveling to a place that has been scheduled to have a peaceful   ‘ black lives matter[too ] ’ and noticing there are black people there , would make any good rw   coward   fear for their life
whenever spider - man uses his webs to fight people , he is called a hero whenever i use my webs to fight people , they call the police and charge me for rape .
blame the victims .
blame the messenger .
show your blue state racist progressive left liberal   identity politics get out of situational ethics for free card .
.
blame the man elected to try to lead us out this liberalism morass of dependence .
what ,   really ,   is the difference between rent assistance ,   snap ,   obamamedicaid care , school lunches and in ,   summer three meals a day for kids on summer vacation ,   compared to   some beaten down depressed by " free trade " ,   job exports ,   illegal immigration ,   the never ending flow of maximum amounts of drugs over a porous border ,   kid dead by heroin ?
nothing !
it is all about dependence .
dependence is not liberty ,   freedom ,   satisfaction from a job well done .
blaming trump is egalitarian poof and saying white trash is   getting what they deserve because they are racist ,   under educated ,   and not as swell as us " successful " educated folk .
take this crap back to the classroom and shove it down more kids ' throats .
blue oregon   elitist deal .
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street
have you ever heard about death mask of franco ?
so i guess gotti is going to put all his music on tidal since he 's rocking with jay now & # 129300 ; he got some music missing from apple music
i was just debating with myself whether i should go to bed or have one last beer ...
mental or not ,   if a big male who just assaulted a female is acting up , spray away !
< user > walk me through how gorka has been able to be trump nazi whisperer he and bannon have not been quiet about their roles to bring right wing christian white anglo saxon nations
i 've always wanted to # write a sandbox world inspired by soylent green .
it 'd take a * lot * of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting
these lazy crybaby - boyz are pathetic !
instead of kneeling why do n't they stand up like men and work to change whatever they 're ' protesting ' .
hey big guys , put your money where your knees are , and for instance , set up school scholarships for disadvantaged youth , or go out to work with the misguided kids hangin ' on the street corner , just wasting away their lives .
there 's a thousand ways these big babies of the gridiron could ' make a difference ' in the real lives of blacks----but that would mean manning - up and giving up some of their ' club time ' . . .
the paaaaaaaty scene livin ' the high life of   a big shot .
instead , the boyz prefer to ' take the knee ' every week while the rest of the country stands to honor and revere country , flag and sacrifice .
these louts are exactly where the left wants ' em----on their knees , genuflecting to the liberal doctrine of   their stinkin ' politics .
keep it up , and a lot more of 'em will end up like kappernick , unemployed & hangin ' on the corner .
no --- there is a place where doctrine ends .
but pastoral must go beyond that .
beating people over the head with doctrines never brought about any peace of heart --- never mind any repentance [ if repentance was needed ] .
in today 's world --- harping on doctrines --- induces extreme anger and the individual leaves never to return .
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
i do give a crap
richard spencer has neither confirmed nor denied that he is a faggot
i like my women like i like my coffee ground up and in the freezer
talk about " spin " .
taxpayers know exactly what 's going on , mayor spendowitz .
when six - figure muni - managers ' pay is eclipsed by 50 % of their subordinates , something is terribly askew ... beginning with the term " six - figures " .
btw that " slip " did n't broach those lucrative bennies ... some of which do nothing more than inflate healthcare costs for the rest of us .
please quit pretending by playing your racial / gender / class politics .
take your trust fund and go away .
yeah , because petronas wanted to keep a 36b investment in canada , boasting economic growth and middle class jobs because of our pm promoting canadian interest abroad .... oh wait ... nope that was cancelled .
the only doors that our pm opens are to those interested in wealth redistribution .
says the dude with a rag on his head and a goat for a wife
muzungu :   if you want to more credibly discuss racism , you might want to change your screen name from the swahili word for " white man " .
a dollar with risk attached is of lesser value than a dollar without risk ( i.e. a government pension ) .
nothing new here .
sex has always been a form of currency .
margaret wants a return to the days of hours of begging .
it 's not going to happen .
it 's a little more complicated than the few variables she presented in the column .
for instance , young men have watched their hard working , faithful fathers get trampled by the patriarchal legal system when their mothers are " not happy " and go off to find themselves .
women are now the initiators of divorce .
young men will have none of this destruction .
porn ?
absolutely , just wait for the life - like sex dolls .
the pandora 's box is wide open .
rt if you hate yourself p.s .
i hate you too
so good with money these jews are i see why we are only < number > trillion in debt oy mcvay
< user > < user > < user > sati and child marriage was forced by muslim invasions and have been successfully reformed hindu religion does not force their women to be illiterate there are social evils but are not sanctioned by hindu religion change if needed is always welcomed
has anyone here ever been allowed to look at the moon / tranquility base with a observatory/ giant federally owned   telescope ?
" we spread   our wealth or we lose our geography " ?
what does that mean .... we sell florida to cuba ?
" the only alternative is war "   with whom ?
to get more " geography " that we ca n't afford ?
where do you get this stuff ?
about time .
so what 's going on with that other homeless center ? ? ?
https://honoluluhomelesscrisis.wordpress.com/2016/08/25/iwilei-homeless-center-mystery-continues/
ms.   streep of course did not check her facts .
the donald was not making fun of the reporter s disability , he was using the hand gesture to make fun of the reporter s question and response .
the donald had used the same gestures before including a time when he was making fun of ted cruz .
are the gestures in poor taste   -- definitely .
but did ms. streep check her facts -- no .
but then she did n't check her facts about the electoral college either .
[ normies&amp;incels ] what are your goals / ambitions and why ?
ain no remorse cause i got niggas layin down in that grave
prison based on more crimanl issue inside it to drugs to even to murders and rapes on same sex and sometime by officers but facts are that once transgender men go to femail sides it will be a miss among our prison as it already is over same sex rapes that heppen in there that breads out homosexual .
that was little barackie first intimate encounter with a black moochelle man no wonder he had such a hard time leaving that last white chick he was banging
after you strip off his makeup and clothes , biologically he 's still a man " . "
you might want to check out what southern poverty law center has to say about johnson and black separatist groups : 

 https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/07/08/dallas-sniper-connected-black-separatist-hate-groups-facebook 

 during negotiations , johnson told dallas police " he was upset about ' black lives matter . "
that does n’t mean blm is to blame .
i would lay more blame on the media for inflaming the white - cop - shoots - unarmed - black - man narrative .
< user > it ’ also homophobic
i 'm 6'2 " i bought an 89 tercel in 1991 for the same " reliability " reason , lasted two years before my right thigh could n't take being suspended off the seat anymore , real killer on long trips , was so relieved to get into a topaz with a decent seat .
nothing but domestics with power seats since and i ca n't complain about the reliability of them at all .
yes let dismiss the communists because americans never fought a war with them though your general patton said you should have an armchair military philosopher will faux mourn the dead while i mourn the loss of < number > fam members women and children holocausted by allies in the city of dresden
i googled this , read it and that is very informative .
was totally unaware of this .
good post alceste .
" " " there is no reason for you to hide , it 's so hard for me staying here all alone , when you could be takin me for a ride . " " "
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
to this day i still watch the wild n ' out episode with @austinmahone & amp ; i never get tired of it.&#128525;&#128149 ;
legalize prostitution is an answer to rapes in alaska .
it takes 30 years for a male to prepare to make a living but only takes 18 years to become sexually mature .
this a conflict that fools try to answer with outcries .
no wonder there are so many gays .
you seldom hear a male yelling rape by another male .
an idiot child who thought his nazi fan boy ramblings were nuggets of gold
nigeria is a joke !
can you see the leaders we elected , taking their children to school abroad and refuse to build the education system here cos they knew they already ruined it .
revolution is what can restore this country i think .
url
one surprisingly large portion of the church needs to give up the idea that words , ceremonies , events , apologies can re - write history " and take their pain away " 

 they need to face the harder realities , and the beautiful grace god wants them to receive 

 the catholic way is through the sacrament of reconciliation , particularly the ' purpose of amendment ' that should accompany every trip to the box 

 the will - aided by the intellect and grace - needs to form a decision :   i can no longer harbor or nurse resentments .
i can no longer let injuries and resentments " take up room " in my interior life , room that crowds god out 

 catholics need to realize that secular psychology of the 1970s ca n't help them .
" closure " is another form of pride , a desire to rework events to one 's own desire and intentions 

 get to the sacraments and be ready for a lot of good interior work aimed at growth and new vitality .. not the work of nursing resentments and sharpening bad memories , and crying on others shoulder
a queer black person is < number > times more likely to experience police violence than a queer white person —
i think girls go to clubs to meet guys cause there are so many guys there it makes it easier to meet some one .
atleast that s what i have been told .
i m not into the dancing they do .
.... and that 's why i do n't bother to distinguish between homosexuality and pedophilia .
mr ferriera : we all hate robo - calls and if you have n't had the same from mark begich , obama , etc then good for you .
what 's notable is your bias stating a " black man is trying to take your guns " ; if you have n't noticed a black man is n't running for president but a white , corrupt , pandering grandma is , and by her irrefutable comments seeks emotional gun control legislation that any open minded person can see it for what it is .
if that 's your go to person have at it bub , but save the hyperbole for your fellow democrat ostriches .
the u.s. supreme court has determined in two separate decisions that the " well regulated militia " clause refers to the citizenry at large and does not preclude an individual right to gun ownership .
that 's been settled and done for years , so time to move on from that tired old gun grabber attempt to dismiss the 2nd amendment .
you 're the brother every gay dude needs and you are awesome !
everything is racist according to radical lefties .
all these four congresswomen do is talk shit about this country , a country that literally saved omar 's life .
trump is merely saying if this country is so great go back to somalia , fix it and then show us how it 's done , if it 's so easy .
dems call everyone racist who they disagree with or who criticizes them so much that they 're even doing it to their own party .
it 's hilarious .
ie .
these 4 progressives now call pelosi a racist and biden now being called a racist .
the race card is so overplayed by the left , true actual racism gets ignored .
black is a word , the bot is a turd
[ showerthought ] women paint their faces , but it 's men who wear the mask .
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
the part that bothers me is that its algerian crude , and not canadian crude being transported by pipeline to that refinery .
you don ’ t even cheat with no bad bitches cardi b
she should run for senate !
got told i dress like a ' stereotypical lesbian ' today - perhaps this is why i do n't have a boyfriend atm ? ?
idc still lmao
@stonecold2050 inbred .
oh god clippy how i hate that thing it was a like a retarded version of siri or cortana but every bit as annoying to get rid of
lmaoooo getting no hoes is officially a mental illness wow
judge by color or i am so not ` ` hip '' ?
< user > you are genuinely retarded
i 'm a grandmother and a mother .
i 'm tired of my rights being ripped to shreds .
example and case and point .
while on vacation i went into the women 's bathroom in a very populated tourist area .
while in my stall i hear a man   come into my bathroom .
it was a transgender freak who was apparently watching a mentally challenged young 17 year old male .
this person yelled at this kid treated them like crap ,   i was in my stall listening to the whole thing .
this troll came into a female 's bathroom and obviously was a man acting as a woman there is no place for that in our world .
if my granddaughter 's had been with me it would have been a whole different situation but because i was an adult and a mother , i was able to just leave the scene .
angry as hell   because my right was infringed .
born as a man ,   use the men 's room .
just because   you are play acting like a female ,   does not make it so .
these people have no moral compass .
they only care about themselves .
that 's wrong .
2 / we do n't return to the " old america " when there are many people on the left who want us dead because we believe in our god given rights and because we 're white .
this is a very , very volatile group of people who want us dead or enslaved .
wake up .
there 's no going back .
i think transgender are ok , dunno if   i 'd want one next to me " in country " , preferable to colonel john o'connell vc and bar however @farrightwatch
@nbcnews @malcolmnance why does n't mexico take legal action for human rights violations for trump ripping families apart and locking them in cages while they 're at it ?
apparently being a cock slave to silverbacks is also a tradition among your people i wish nothing but gang rape by a pack of niggers for you you chimp licking plow whore
that 's me @ogechiokoye7 : i swear i do n't feel like going anywhere ... i just want to lay in bed all day
racist tweets should probably contain statements about race in order to be racist in nature .
smear merchant hacks .
so this is what a social media ghetto looks like imprisioned by the fascist occupied internet from here we will plot resist and rise up
it 's not that i do n't like you it 's just your a nasty ass girl and i do n't fw that & # 129335;&#127995;‍ ♀ ️
bitch fuck yo nigga hoe fuck his feelings
rules - based christianity !
the pharisees loved following the rules , but lacked a great deal of compassion and sadly so do many who subscribe to christianity as a religion .
authentic christianity works from the inside out , while religion tries to change people from the outside in .
sometimes you just need to slow down , remain calm , breathe , and simply let life happen . #
thursdaythoughts
hey resistance : calling is best ; writing is best by letter , not email . :)
women ( and men ) , please consider coming to dc for the million woman march on january 21 .
show trump and the world it 's not ok to be a misogynistic boor .
mice are sexily jewish and i grow increasingly aroused thinking about rikki tikki tavi bitch
just put all the bigots in alabama and let them wall it off ... they can live like it 's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress .
dimetrodone : iwannabeadored : wugaazi : that guy who went around painting dicks over potholes so they would ... https://t.co/yzbj80rakx
expecting 1 0 c here tonight so my white western invented central heating electric blanket will be on all night moslems hate the west so turn yours off freeze your arses to death moslemsaretheproblem
to be honest this raises a good point about how little americans care for social justice outside of african - americans .
native americans are the most disadvantaged people in this country in so many ways but get only a fraction of the attention that african - americans get .
i 'm not saying african - americans should get less attention but we really need to take a step back and talk about native american in a new context and on a new timeline .
tourists dramatically rescued from being trapped in gondolas above cologne
baloney .
current projected revenue is 10 billion so that means we have a contingency of 1.8 billion over and above the cost of rail construction .
feds think we need three billion contingency .
these are the facts if you do n't believe it .
once again the cost of rail construction is 8.2 billion .
< user > < user > ur fuckin retarded
anybody on here a big survivor fanatic richard hatch and rudy still cracks me up especially rudy i always loved and enjoyed him when he was on survivor # survivor1
i felt bad ... ca n't just be out here fucking niggas girlfriends like a heathen with no self control lls
per capita black people are 13x more likely to murder .
13 % of the population commits over 50 % of violent crime .
and i 'm sure they litter too .
so let me see if iget this str8 wn1 < number > was an eloaborate ruse conducted by jews in the mid late < number > that brought wlp na crashing down is that you re saying
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
if you are anything but a cis heterosexual heteroromantic person , you are welcome in the community .
no matter what !
i am afraid that " promote the correct policies for other cultures " smacks of kipling ’s “ white man ’s burden ” .
http://monthlyreview.org/2003/11/01/kipling-the-white-mans-burden-and-u-s-imperialism/ 

 we are not the british empire and it is not our job to bring our view of reality to the " benighted " little brown , black , and yellow people elsewhere .
basically if the democrats want something it because they figure that in the long run it makes it easier for gay latino muslims to rape your kids mpcstatusupdates
capitalism is gay
time for the gender bender marxist - feminists to park their brooms and pointy hats with their hipster latte sipping buds !
you have to hand it to the bag lady though , she probably set back anything to do with the ' movement ' for decades , when it was clear that she was no different than that ' dirty old man ' down the street with her backstabbing of sanders .
gender is highly overrated , and totally irrelevant in politics as we have seen in the american election . '
real ' women see through the farce and do n't hide behind labels when they know they can accomplish whatever they want to be .
as for the other ' confused ' crowd that ca n't figure out what can to take a shot at , that 's your problem and not mine .
suck it up , snowflakes !
lifeguards are paid for dragging crying kids out of pools .
apparently when i do it it ’s ‘ illegal ’ and got me a ban from the leisure center
a muslim in sweden asked for isis donations for < number > years on facebook and his account was not deleted
ed fagran .
i know you deleted my comment and blocked my other channel , because i insulted your boyfriend beaver .
i hope you both choke on a dick , fucking mainstream faggots .
english is a beautiful languages ; it has a lot of silent letters a few examples : 

 tsunami   -   ' t ' is silent 

 honest   -   ' h ' is silent 

 island   -   's ' is silent 

 my dad   -   ' dad ' is silent
indeed of course this is also why they are so shocked when the worm turns and angry mobs are constructing gibbets .
" why people think gay marriage is okay is beyond me .
sorry i do n't want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an
thanks for the " duh " comment , that 's always a good way to engage others in conversation !
i have read several accounts including that of the recent las vegas shootings where authorities say it makes it harder for them to identify the shooter when citizens also have guns .
i 'd say white women are at a much higher risk in india
and now they are urging children to have " sexual reassignment " surgery .
too young to choose bedtime , old enough to cut your nads off .
clown 🤡 world ! ! !
the left have gone insane .
i have n't figured how to build a balanced portfolio of bonds out of my retirement savings , for example , because the principals required for each bond purchase are pretty significant .
the economy of scale in retirement savings is very real , and current weird environment means that there are no obvious choices to park your money .
male /māl/ adjective 1 .
of or denoting the sex that produces small , typically motile gametes , especially spermatozoa , with which a female may be fertilized or inseminated to produce offspring .
if the individual can not produce male gametes and was not born with the ability to create male gametes ; then they are therefore not male .
i agree that vj has sunk the team to a new low .
the season is over , grind it out , see what u got in lynch , can vj after the last game and move on
these very unattractive women are an embarrassment to people of color .
i am a mexican american and to them i say : if you are not going to respect the values of this great nation .... fuera !
fuera !
de este pais ..... viejas feas !
pack your stuff ... y al carajo !
out of this country now ! ,
no one wants you , no one will miss you !
take your fish someplace else .
hahahahaha !
gracias mr trump for all you do !
we love you ! :)
trump 2020 !
latinos for trump !
it 's just really fucked up how someone can treat you after all ya been through together ... & # 129335;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️
fun fact : u / tunsku openly hates black people , lgbt people , women , muslims , jews .
what is she charge .
because i know some aids infested gangsters .
who say she is exactly the kind of rubbish the like .
rohingya are not indian we are one as indians no place for outsiders weather it be hindus muslims sikhs christians jews or any other religion
digging it .
who makes the madras shirt ?
" i believe in equality except when i 'm drunk and mad at women . " &
lt;-- why i do n't trust male feminists
lol when did i ever say anything about gay sex i simply said your ad hominem attacks were tasty hominem does not mean homosexual hahahahahaha
going to be doing a stream on nick fuentes this kike faced faggot soy boy shortly only white nathionalsit are welcome starting in < number > minutes or so kick nick soy boy nick patrick 2020
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
what s going on with that jesus campos guy and the vegas shooting all the live topics are gay
no - the republican seats in those states are expected to be targeted by democrats in 2018 ( sen. heller in nevada and sen. flake in arizona ) .
there is speculation about sen. hatch retiring , but that wo n't change things much , for he is in a state that typically leans republican .
all in all , the democrats will attempt to defend 25 seats in 2018 - the republicans only 8 .
of the 8 seats the republicans hold , 5 are considered solidly held .... the likelihood that democrats will win the senate in 2018 as michael binder inferred is virtually impossible .
racist : white ppl are racist sexist : feminists are sexist homophobic : just do nt touch me pls
to be sure the only party capable of running bc and maintaining an economy that is the envy of canada are the liberals .
that said , i 've met two bc green candidates and they seem a departure from the foaming - at - mouth , eco - socialists of old .
they seem intelligent , not ideologically driven , almost free enterprise and thoughtful on the matters of the day .
i truly hope the ndp is soundly ground into the marxist dust where they came from while the greens take many of their seats
black pride = being black and proud 
 gay pride = being gay and proud 
 white pride = nazi !
- 
 white male conciousness is rising .
well the white helmets are the public relations branch of isis so occasionally they are going to cross purposes yo muhamids clean up this mess i have got some captured christian little girls to rape and torture with my hebrew bros
@rydizzy16 @hunterrjoness @mahomeszn ya mamma 's a piece of shit , just like you suck flesh rockets .
fuck boy .
the man is truly a moron and the anc is nothing more than a corrupt gang of ignorant thugs !
no it does n't .
at least , not in the argument set forth by the church .
essentially , we are told that because we do not know definitively that a blastocyst is not a complete , ( in the sense of being ensouled ) human person , we are morally obliged to treat it as though it is such , because in the course of natural development , barring misadventure , it will become a human person .
this is an argument in favor of moral caution .
it is an assertion that a human life in the form of   soul - less zygote is morally equivalent to the life it might become ten months down the line .
moral caution is a good thing , but it does not license the assertion that all abortion is , factually , murder .
further , if it is moral caution that we attempt to follow , then we are obliged to consider the broader moral ramifications of outlawing abortion , in a way we would n't have to , if abortion were   murder proper .
" 85 % of the profits wind up in the hands of less than 1 % " 
 public service pension plans ?
hunt those men down and string em up .
" the white house , including the national - security team , was unaware president trump was preparing to speak publicly about north korea . "
akilah now that is some dindu stereotypical shit right there akilah white muhfugga akilah taco when i be hungree akilah welfare check in a minute bitchez
i hope this bitch asss nigga calls me so i call start trippin on his ass
someone forces a brown cock into a woman pussy omg we need to take action this is unacceptable fucking culture that disrespects women buildawall someone forces a white cock into a woman pussy boys will be boys sluts should not be drinking why did not she fight harder
i could be christian and i d still be posting hot women in lingerie because who does not love looking at pictures of hot women
< user > all illegal immigrants or only muslim illegal immigrants
feminism is n't the effect of society portraying men as predators , that 's literally all feminists spew on the internet .
not to mention , rape is taken hella seriously in the west .
you can get more time than murdering someone in some cases i believe .
most women do think money grows on trees .
that 's why the real men handle the money .
that 
 also tells you why the snowflake wants all men to 
 turn their money over to some woman .
they waste 
 it on junk and want more .
so now in those developing 
 countries we 'll see a huge rise in female deaths as the 
 men will even things up .
jr. is setting the women 
 in these countries up to be murdered .
knowingly or 
 maybe unknowingly .
i have doubts about the latter .
goat fucking woman beating child raping sand niggers everywhere
" women , especially religious in the early days , began hospitals , orphanages , education , and did work in the missions .
they followed the example of the poor jesus to work among the poor . "
as did men .
they brought the " face of christ " to the poor .
" but those who make the decisions within the church are hung up on their androcentric expressions , and hierarchal structures ... " 
 can you give an example that denigrates women ?
or shows a " hang up " ?
this guy is ab annoying faggot
there is nothing about them being white makes them better than us .
they are cowards who need to lie , cheat , bully and kill to stay on top .
the can not fairly compete .
the teen is handcuffed .
how big and bad can you think you are ?
our black boys and men go through daily .
url
& # 8220;@candacevon : niggas talk more then bitches these days & # 128530;&#8221 ; # facts
# transdayofvisability today is our day to show others that our community will not stay silent .
we will stay strong and fight to be heard .
do you consider your own citizenship to be a " technicality " ?
.
just asking ...
as does your diatribe .
how was having sex like my first football game ?
i was all bruised and bloody after , but at least my dad came .
i was thinking maybe we can meet and suck each other 🍆 🍑 👌 ♋ ♒ # tgirl # cock # clit url
< user > it actually country but ghetto stole it
no immunity , no get out of jail cards , no free passes !
flynn 's day coming soon !
we are falling into the dead end of a sub culture more than the ideological ghetto of libertarianism et el
what do you call killing gay people ?
natural selection .
< user > < user > can not wait for the twee hypocrisy of oughterard putting on nativity plays and piously placing statues of the baby jesus in the cribs beside his immigrant refugee parents and malignant o doherty thumping her sanctimonious craw in seasonal fakery revolting
blacks fucked themselves by going for lbj great society programs hook line and sinker he said aboard af < number > after the law was passed i will have those niggers voting democrat for the next < number > years he was right
i have thicker poc porn gifs if u want 🥺
it 's attitudes like this that get our country nowhere .
kasich is moderate , as is hickenlooper .
and what exactly is the " rainbow jihad " ?
some sort of gay - hate reference ?
we all believe wynne , trudeau and morneau with " blind trust " .
which government job are you in ?
men lack such self - awareness @3umarzf women are so complicated . #
notsexist
three women attack her gave her a black eye just one husband does not report injury in defending his wife i would send cops over to their place to make sure they are not using black panther mania to cover for domestic violence incident
racist incidents in ireland up by 85 percent says immigrant council | irish news | irishcentral racist incidents in ireland up by 85 percent says immigrant council read more : racist incidents in ireland up by 85 percent says immigrant council | irish news | irishcentral follow us : @irishcentral on twitter | irishcentral on facebook
yaaass @morphebrushes !
thank you for supporting the lgbtq+
you can not be reasonable with 3 rd world retards their low iq and their training as perpetual victims predisposes them to violence we are killing ourselves trying to be kind and reasonable with retarded animals
our only solution is to deport 100 % of illegal immigrants .
we need to get rid of the requirement that all illegal aliens get to fight deportation in court and charge them with a crime ( which it is a crime to enter illegally ) .
we need to charge every crime they commit , from illegal entry to immigration fraud to identity theft to forgery of a government document to to to ... lock 'em up and then deport them upon completion of their sentence .
as in , re gay people in any number of muslim countries , every last one should be whipped or thrown from a roof ?
what in the world are you arguing for ?
why is it that i , a straight man , are more for gay rights -- no , gay survival -- than you are ?
everyone go follow @bimbocharlotte1 she 's a dirty cum slut who needs to suck your cock url
you only touched our lives for a short time in your fabulous journey of life .
however ,   you made such an impression on both me and my husband .
you lived your dreams .
we will forever miss you and your kind heart .
much love to your wife leslie , and all of your animals .
both them bitches bad but the white bitch badder
distracting television event for manipulating the gullible wonder how many refugees gary lineker has taken in to date
why did i click on your profile ?
you gave no source anyway , you just are a hateful human being .
good grief .
you have been given sources by others disproving your statements , but no you did n't , once you cited the hatesub gc , that is used only to missrepresent transgender people and to deny their existence
this has nothing to do with race .
it 's about keeping america safe , yet you have those that wants to destroy the united states of america .
even those that are from america .
we 're are supposed to protect america from foreign and domestic .
this is proof .
these are the worst days in america .
if this keeps going on america will be no more .
you may be a normalfag if : you ca n't tell the difference between fellow normalfags and the initiated .
may put a muzrat in charge of immigration
video games are kike influenced degeneracy are you going to suggest porn next rentfree in your head kike even nature is trying to warn you
everyone on gab is cool with the exception of a few outliers most of whom are just butthurt faggots who sign up to be pouty about being insinuated against by gab merely existing gabfam
he 's obviously a good christian white boy with good values .
harry kane is a fucking fanny if he was foriegn the commentators would be going on about how bad diving is in the game absolute wankers
no stop pointing the finger at men shame women who divorce who take the kids demand alimony for life teach their sons to hate their fathers basically guaranteeing they will be gay adults the blame for unwed men lies squarely w haughty mentally ill women misusing the law to destroy society
putting women on pedestals in being an simp should be a crime worthy of a public beat down
okay nigger now go watch some gays putting penises in their mouths , or better yet , someone to put it in your mouth so you can shut up
haha @tharodickk i m not sexist .... but i honestly think only men should be reporting on football on sportscenter ... just saying haha
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
i was n't expecting people on a religious comments board to take health advice from my post , but , yes , in actuality the salt - bp relationship is not clear cut , including the j - relationship that you mention .
again , science is hardly infallible , but the propaganda suggests otherwise , especially when there 's a political objective , be it climate change , homosexuality , or otherwise .
it does sound like you are a little over stocked .
you will need to keep right on top of the water changes to keep the ammonia down . [ ... ]
edited to add .... gravel vac at the same time and you kill the proverbial two birds with one stone .
i would n't even sip a drink after this girl let alone fuck her she looks like she got some boogeyman std url
not exactly an anti pitbull goy but chimping out and calling someone a kike over it is fucking retarded wignats are fragile and emotional spergs
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
@azaadpunter @thewire_in @bjp4india that 's because they always tried to run their own parallel system like education in madrasah , own personal law board , got haj subsidy and many more so what else do u expect when u r educated in madarshah where all they teach is all the non believers in islam r kafir
fundamentalist islamic extremist " leaders " wanna call everything " haram " like celebrating birthdays and listening to rap b / c " the prophet did n't do it " well if you wanna live like him then quit driving your fuckin bmws and living in mansions- ride a fuckin camel and live in a hut
so what have you alt right anti semitic homophobic beta cucks done but cost votes and give the left their bogey men ps none of you are alpha males you are beta cucks who virtue signal by calling people gay to hide all the dicks you cram down your throats
if i had a dollar for ever gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number >
< user > < user > the point is we black people don ’ t control these departments the negros they allow in are severely vetted
i guess it all depends on how you define " below average " .
for a first year starter , i would have rated siemian 's performance as average or above average .
i have seen a lot of first year starters and they usually stink worse than siemian .
both elway and manning performed far worse in their first year .
if you judge it based on win - loss record .
he performed above average .
if you judge it based on fewer interceptions , he performed above average .
if you judge it on qbr compared to others in the league he was average or a little below average .
there are no accurate stats for paxton worth using .
he only started 2 games and that is n't enough to even get an accurate sample of stats .
i guess you are a glass half empty kind of guy .
like i said , let 's wait until they play the games this year before judging .
if siemian stinks it up this year , then stick in paxton .
if he does n't improve and show promise then denver needs to move on .
until then i am happy with denver 's qbs .
2 condoms walk by a gay bar the other one looks at the other and asks " hey , you wanna go get shitfaced ? "
i need more gay friends 🏳 ️ ‍ 🌈
more light grey than dark , but impressive for r / jokes
do these people have a clue how absurd this is ?
you 'd have to believe that suddenly christians would accept the imposition of government mandated extra - marital intercourse , that slavery would suddenly become legal and popular again , women would lose the vote , and the 1st amendment would be abolished .
oh , and men , christian and secular alike , would accept a regime where only the elite were allowed to have sex .
you also have to believe that trump , congress , the military , the courts , and law enforcement are all religious fanatics that still somehow have decided to reject 2000 years of religious teachings on marriage , tenets that are held by many jews and muslims as well as christians .
it 's science fiction , people , and not particularly good science fiction .
💪 sarah needs hard cock in her office and down her throat url
< user > < user > this is why no one likes ugly faggots out of my sight you roach
depressed guy makes post in r / askwomenadvice , gets absolutely shit on for being an ugly male
enraged female lesbian
triggered is a term invented by and used by weak minded faggots i am not triggered i am reactive to shit lickers like you who deny the reality that is white genocide you stick to your queer cruising at truck stops ryan you dull minded fuck wit
lol .
my university classes include a significant representation of international students from india .
there are chronic problems with blatant plagiarism .
so i was amused to read that the hindus claim to have invented the airplane , cosmetic surgery and stem - cell technology .
now i understand where my students are getting it from .
1/400 men can suck there own dick .
your bound to find someone who can
by giving them free airplane rides throughout our country , then making sure they have a job instead of deporting them .
url url
< number > israel the only country to have its borders defined for a specific nation jewish ppl2 jews pray < number > x times for the re establishment of our h land < number > pali syriana name given by romans to israel other areas < number > jewish sites only evidence of arabs is toilet on har habayit
breast cancer mercy vs trans rights mercy
comedy gold if muzrat stuff is found in norse graves it is far more likely it was booty from slaughtered muzrats after going viking than proof that norse were muzrats they were not
you went racist because your fat white girls kept dumping you for black guys .
actually , it was before then .
i did not offer the reward you stupid fucking moron thuthwillout films did you have got to be the most retarded fucking person on gab stfu you fucking cunt
@chrisrbarron deport her lying ass
is there anything we can do to blackpill the whole world ?
howard stern sums up roger waters quite nicely .
lol i think that what pedos want is to fuck kids not stimulate their ass
" now i understood why ppl be saying " " y' all not built like me " " cause omg some ppl really not built like me ... "
third last ... you should read more carefully ... 

 and quit blaming " illegals " for all your problems ... you wanna blame someone for your lousy medical system ?
blame kaiser permanente .... blame paul ryan .... blame the people that are actually responsible , not the people that vladimir trump blames ...
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
< user > < user > 🤣 🤣 🤣 i hate you guys
subtly homophobic news story this child is gay twitter influencer who still shits himself thoughts 😳 🤔 mike pence himself i like gays and even have a faggot friend but this is too much
good r / askmen thread " how are men oppressed in our society ? "
after reading mr. binswanger 's comments , i went to the eda site ( https://www.eda.gov/ ) and searched for this grant .
here is the intro para : 
 washington – u.s. secretary of commerce penny pritzker today announced that the commerce department ’s economic development administration ( eda ) is awarding a $ 2 million grant to the port of port angeles , washington , to renovate an existing building in order to create workforce training facilities that specialize in recycling used composite materials .
according to grantee estimates , this project will create 111 jobs .
the grant was given in 2015 .
over two years later they have 17 employees .
i seriously doubt that the projected income for this year will cover the rent and wages .
it is also interesting that the grant was to renovate an existing building ... isn't this the building the port just paid for ?
so toronto police are investigating a ` ` racist '' ` ` alt - right '' poster found on a telephone poll near a school .
some of y' all bitches be on dick so much , that you let niggas start hitting for an 8th .
😂
why do muslims emigrate to western countries ?
is it because , on the whole , please do n't howl , they recognize the superiority of western culture ?
this is a civil question , despite the discomfort it may induce in some .
< user > i love my muslim brother ☺ ️ ✌ 🏻
you may be a normalfag if : you ca n't tell the difference between fellow normalfags and the initiated .
< user > but dirty jewellery 😔 billie pls
all hoe money is gooooooooooood
i feel like baltimore niggas can only put up with baltimore women bc we all a little retarded
before beginning the military service in the israeli army , twelve israeli teenagers who went on a holiday in cyprus and gang - raped a 19 year old british woman , have been arrested .
url
how dishonest of you .
i`ll bet you can not name one example you have personally witnessed in saskatchewan where you ` have to walk around witnessing extreme sexism in how men treat women under islam .
`        you should be ashamed for being untruthful .
being in and near toronto i have never witnessed that , but somehow in sask you have ... sure
@nastyseventh suck my dick faggot
just a cohencidence that the only film of this event was taken by a hooknosed kike who hit the shekel jackpot
these religious people do n't make sense
i slapped my liberal uncle like a bitch nuff said
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
blocked that nigga i do not need my morning ruined
why does using google maps to walk 5 mins have to be the worst most ghetto experience ever
i 'm not a misandrist but men are all " hey i can do anything you can ! "
but they 're always whining for help raising children and cooking
grandpa fought the nazis so cops social workers could pretend to not see sandniggers raping little white girls
100 % this ^ .
it is totally understandable to feel this way .
it 's definitely from within for me too as a brown person .
get buttfucked , asshole .
learn to talk to people .
looking through another man 's history .
you fucking idiot , no wonder you need advice to talk to people .
grown ass man , you fucking faggot .
i 'm in my mid twenties , i 'm a straight trans masc dude but i 'm pretty feminine as well .
you 're not alone !
< user > < user > < user > actually he insulted me first you on the left bitch and call us racist just because we do not believe in allowing illegal immigrants into this country you people really need help
good .
there is a difference between needing help and taking advantage of ( the taxpayers ) .
some people really need to make an effort to help them - selves too and not just sit back and wait for someone else , constantly .
established by a man who was also god and made up of men and women .
the sin of the hierarchy is the hubris to believe they have a morality on moral reasoning , which they do not .
indeed , on all sexual issues ( from sex itself to the role of women to continence for priests ) they get it disastrously wrong .
their teachings are stoic , not christian .
build a force against the proliferation of counterfeit electrical products and ' direct taste towards genuine electrical products '
pro - tip :   the number of immigrants accepted into the us is set by statute , the ina .
this is not to be confused with refugees , which are allowed into the us under a different statute ( thanks international comity ! ) .
the article only refers to the number of refugees allowed into the us .
unfortunately i ' m over by houston .
funny .
i was born in bastrop , la.
obama to cubans you can not stay sorry cubans but what about the illegal immigrants from mexico obama they get to stay they vote democrat result obama just guaranteed trump will win florida in < number > gab gabfam speakfreely maga cuba
i would tie you up like the whore you are and shove my cock into your pussy until you scream for mercy and then push it into your throat and make you swallow all of my cum
mmmm run over homophobes with my mercedes - benz 300 sl roadster i must # mk8d # nintendoswitch url
that 's a girl 's toy .
well , women deserve to be murdered .
incels should never have any consequences or repercussions .
they are entitled to be wrapped up in fluffy cotton blankets while supermodel virgin angels suck their dicks because they 're such great guys who are so misunderstood .
but women , yeah , they should be murdered , forced into slavery , beaten , tortured , you name it , they deserve it for having the audacity to be born female .
i am a proud italian and i can think of nothing more selfish in the world than to patronize a murderer , rapist , thief , scum bag like columbus while so many suffered in his wake .
yes it is nice for catholics and italian immigrants to have a special day cut out for them , but what about the people who lost everything literally driven to extinction by us , religious - spewing white people who ruined the lives of peaceful , innocent indigenous people 's of the america 's and around the world in painful violent ways .
it is goddamn unbelievable that we celebrate this pathetic excuse for a man , while children are taught to see him as a hero .
numerous articles on the web offer evidence to the claims of columbus 's horrible history : 

 https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/history/events/8-myths-and-atrocities-about-christopher-columbus-and-columbus-day/ 

 http://www.americanindiansource.com/columbusday.html
< user > you are so stupid guns are hold by the people you should ban the illegal immigrants first will you ban the car because of the drunk driving
what 's salisbury 's favourite ice cream flavour ?
rasberry skripal
pride makes you faggot
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
real niggas put you on all kinds of shit while these lil peons just try to fuck on ya ‼️
< user > < user > no fr like how tf do i block ppl on twitter cause this nigger always commenting on my shit and is aggravating
so men are all the same - is that your point ?
i knew this woman who was really b*thchy every month ... should i judge all women in the same way ?
just because i identify as a horse , i can run out in the street during a parade , drop my pants and relieve myself , and expect someone to come along and shovel it up .
and nobody can do anything about it .
if a male transitioning to a female is uncomfortable using the men ’s room , best not to go somewhere that does n’t have a unisex / family bathroom .
because you do n’t get to use the women ’s room .
you may think you ’re a woman , but you ’re not .
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
thankyou so much for your comments .
as a physician and as a catholic , i am ashamed that it is popes who have demanded secrecy and denial of the truth of worldwide clergy sexual abuse of innocent children and vulnerable adults , including pope st john xxiii and pope st john paul ii .
as cardinal pell is being protected in the vatican by pope francis , i learn that the royal commission in australia , called by a female prime minister a few years ago , to investigate sexual abuse in all the churches , has found that at least 45 young boys and young men have committed suicide in the hometown of cardinal pell in ballarat , victoria , when they gave up hope of their stories of being sexually abused and raped by their priest and brother teachers being believed , because of the denial of the truth by the sexual predator clergy , by their superiors , and by the hierarchy .
that prime minister was soon replaced by a buddy of cardinal pell .
such is the power of the catholic church to cover up its crimes .
i can only assume that the only reason margaret wente managed to squeak through university is that she was accommodated every step of the way for her crippling anxieties towards rigorous evidence - based arguments , her severe allergies to careful thought and research , her debilitating phobia of basic human dignity , and her overwhelming compulsion to bully vulnerable populations .
let 's also not forget her unending battle with kleptomania for other writers ' work .
me fuck capitalism disney can choke why can not they stop capitalising off nostalgia and invest in small creators with fresh ideas and talent instead disney we might be developing a percy jackson show me i am always a slut for monopolies
it is important for movements to have allies , just like you and your partner are allies to the queer rights movement .
" @dcaptainclutch you know niggas love to act fake outraged anytime a girl they think is " " ho " " accomplishes anything "
it is a grave sin for girls to watch elvis presley , and an occasion of sin to engage in french kissing or " go steady . "
it is the responsibility of girls to keep men from hell by not dragging them there with sex when girls do not have sex drives .
they have sex to get prom dates or jewelry .
what a waste of time reading this !
you clearly would n't know good food if it smacked you !
doomies is amazing !
you clearly just have your hate on for vegan joints
i would make a transgender joke , but ... ... mom always told me not to make fun of the mentally ill .
no fuckyouandthehorseyourodeinon and while we are at it you are removed from my followers muted for being a retarded homosexual
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
i follow back all maga   i love how this cleric tries to make beating your wife sound so acceptable .
i have news for you prophet muhammad , " i 'm no man 's property & there 's no justification for beating your wife . "
retweet if you abhor this barbaric religion .
url
i bet if it were white french people in the streets of paris being racist or homophobic instead of crimmigrants rioting we d find out just how damn tough those french police really are
the muslim bestiality and pedophilia awards < user >
this wo n't get past the courts .
airspace above homes is public domain .
everyone has the right to know what 's going on in their neighbors yard .
with so much criminal activity and drug use in anchorage drones are the perfect resource to keep police informed .
since flynn in involved in certain enterprises it 's little wonder he does n't want people having the ability to keep an eye on his neighborhood .
drones are the perfect way to keep people honest and law abiding .
not long till the first incident of black mob violence on richard branson private island if he keeps letting hussein bongo and his crew visit they will call it little haiti
i wanna go to the ghetto club tonight .
ha i was just on there , stopped reading it to come on here and this was the first thing i saw .
end racism , sexism and anything like that , punishment : * execution *
you 're not bisexual .
bisexuality does n't exist .
courts ruled that christy clark and the bc liberals acted illegally .
so much for undoing anything .
thank you for admitting in clear terms that you are a terrorist that endorses kidnapping women and forcing them to undergo unwanted and dangerous medical procedures based on 16th century christian morality , and that you believe a bundle of cells that can literally neither think nor feel is worth the rights and dignity and lives of women .
should i come to know who you are , you will not be .
how 's it feel to be a pussy ass bitch 😂 😂
an honest moslem
the fact that your money is going to oppress gay people and oppose access to birth control
" teaching in collaboration with dr. jacquetta page .
course title : " " the black eye : viewing the africana world through creative non - fiction . "
< user > hey there imgs with white backgrounds can be pretty confusing to distinguish maybe it an edge case but it took me quite some time to figure out that i need to click on the very edges of the post to see replies suggestion
oh boo , hoo .
aw , it seems like to much money and life gets boring .
looks like he 'll get suspended again .
we know he was dui , what about the ' maui wow wee ? "
why does this matter ?
why do we have to do that ?
< user > when referencing mass murders by neo nazis kk white supremacists i humbly request include churches synagogues mosques and gurdwaras < date > oakcreek wi < number > sikh americans also experience more hate crimes since < date > violence
who cares about spoiled athletes go take a vacation to bermuda instead
thomas , it read like a ' google translate ' from a foreign language .
i will guess russian .
g&m is able to block the chinabots with this new comment system , but not much they can do with 50 cents and russian trolls .
it is up to the readers like us to point this out !
never understood why someone feels the need to proud of their race at all .
you did nothing to earn it , you ca n't change it , it does n't ( should n't ) matter to anyone and if it does that 's their problem not yours .
if a person wants to look back through history and take pride in their ancestors accomplishments well , ok , but that 's not a personal achievement .
you could as well claim to be proud of your gender , or your height , and that would all seem pretty meaningless .
if we define ourselves by our colour , then others will too .
not a good thing in general , if history is any lesson .
( xpost from askreddit ) take a look at top comment , what a shame .
when it 's forced on people , or used to do things that are impossible .
like gay conversion therapy .
it 's despicable .
when done with educated medical professionals .
and done with empirical results .
i can definitely see the benefit .
i 'm so glad to hear your mom is doing well from treatment .
i hope you continue to see progress .
marianne williamson talks about racism more directly than anyone else
< user > < user > i saw that the halloween industry is expecting white claw costumes to be the most popular slutty costumes this year
also remember kitty piercy 's massive homeless task force that had over 100 members ( including homeless people ) , and that meet for over a year .
i 'm not sure what porter wants , but maybe she could advocate for a better job market in eugene 's manufacturing sector .
they are working on clear cut # isis plan , first they fabricated lynching stories and now started killing hindus and this demon asking for armed riots ... @hmoindia @amitshah please take note of this , a big game is planned by these jihadis @nia_india ... u r swift actions r required
that fag is gon na cut hit hand off soon
i like my women like i like my cigars < number > years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack .
it looks a bit muggy out there i said what makes you say that replied my wife i said that gang of blacks with knives on the corner
new sub dedicated to calling out the hate and discrmination of incels .
dave chappelle literally said biggie was down the street selling tupac t shirts lmao y' all niggas hella soft 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
there is already enough stigma around people with mental illness .
no need to make is worse by pinning atrocities on them .
trump is everything the left hates , a wealthy heterosexual white male , whose wealth was partly acquired through inheritance .
to them he is the big bellied southern sheriff and they are the brave freedom riders .
this is the romantic philosophy they have been taught and cling to and protest is part of this romance .
if this writer wanted to protest something , maybe she could start a campaign to find out why there are so few writers of colour ( i hope that is the right word ) on the globe staff .
maybe she could mentor a disabled african canadian woman , help raise her up from nothing and as a culminating act of sanctimonious goodness offer her your job .
a lot of ppl complaining abt white ppl fetishizing asians but when are we gon na talk abt all these asian ppl who use their ethnicity to get clout
cina cases are civil cases handled by the ag 's office .
they are closed door cases .
unless you happen to be the hacker who got into their files .
oh my god , are n't guys who are n't manly ashamed of themselves ?
do n't they want to be * men * ? !
i mean , gay guys can dress however they want , but straight guys in skinny jeans or sparkly shirts ?
it 's just gross .
@hookzilla these niggas love their white women bro ca n't even be mad he put his heart into it 😂
@consolationlife @austinwilde @onlykuper and homophobic just like straight people
" how many women will pick a man that is a drunk or doing massive amounts of drugs , but is able to hold a job and provide for them ?
few .
even fewer will be the number that want to have a child with him . "
apparently quite a lot of idiot women out there do precisely what you believe they wo n't .
do you not follow the news ?
sexy teens having sex african dating party reveal suhhy xxx
< user > this adult shit ghetto
red velvet got called black old and homophobic all by their own fandom i can ’ t 😭
the decline of manufacturing has hurt women 
 heroin robbed tracey kemper - hermann of her husband , and sometimes she misses him most when she ’s trying to start her lawnmower .
you used the word " framers " to describe who wrote the constitution .
well , these men viewed standing armies with a jaundiced eye , as the enemy of liberty .
thus state militias were seen as necessary to secure the state , as in loyal to the federal government created by the constitution .
i appreciate this idea and would love to see the military industrial complex destroyed and have state militia replace the killing machine that allegedly defends us from unwashed masses who happen to live above sand holding valuable resources american corporations need for easy profits .
as far as individual rights , i support them and demand individual responsibility .
make ownership legal across the board including fully automatic rifles , license and insure these weapons .
with liability coverage and bullet tracking , owners will necessarily protect their arsenal from theft and unauthorized use .
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
i would think permanent solutions were better than temporary ones
“ we do so not simply to separate ourselves from someone who does not merit the respect of his colleagues but also to send a message that the era of willful ignorance and shameful complicity in sexually predatory behavior and workplace harassment in our industry is over .
what ’s at issue here is a deeply troubling problem that has no place in our society . ” -
academy of motion picture arts and sciences
beegor , does russia pay you for these unbelievable responses by the word or the comment ?
cleanupeugene , what do you think is funny about a harmless student being stabbed through his heart by a mentally ill homeless man for no reason ?
is it the same thing you find amusing about threatening another poster with genital mutilation , performed by yourself ?
so sickening that the police dept would let this sick man go , and then let him continue to harm his children and then some wonder why there is no trust for the authorities , this is just beyond all reason ,
i feel like me saying i wanna be a teacher and then in the same breath being like grammar is a fucking joke gives a lot of white boomers whiplash
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
okay but realistically speaking i am way better at dealing with heat than the cold arabs be like
prayerfully something like this may continue , especially for minorites / blacks
that is really heartening to hear for christmas .
all the lies and distortions and posing from denier brad wall and his pandering government , are convincing only the ignorant .
do the right thing for once , wall , instead of wasting money on useless showpiece pie in the sky experiments like ccs which more than 33 separate jurisdictions have walked away from after checking out .
but not paying a million dollars in grazing fees , not that speaks volumes .
a sweet lady offered @aburnha and i clam chowder today while out in the sleet .
wish we had more time to join her ! & #
128553;i love kind ppl ! #
nbcct
if there are not enough sailors to crew the ships we have , who will crew the expansion .
do we again lower our standards ?
this makes no sense .
have you ever been to any sporting event at any level in your life ?
@sammythechink ( not sexist but lads do n't tend to scream )
i 've played like 9 - 10 games of battlegrounds and i have yet to even remotely come close to killing anyone i 'm so bad at shooters jesus
i will suck yo dick and call you a faggot
i do not know about you but i have never considered sweden an ally so what if they are overrun they deserve it so do their smug coal burning women sweden role in this is to provide an example of muzzie immigration
it is reassuring to see the israel - first crowd doing their shtik early .
as for the writer of this drive , there is nothing worse than an uncle tom , bad - mouthing the country he was born in .
one would have to first define " the old " .
back in the 60s , that was anyone over 30 .
everything is relative .
be careful , trump has shown that he can be unpredictable .
i 'm gon na pull a timothy mcveigh on a fucking pride parade
i really admire the lgbt community for the hard work and inspiration .
thank you for your commitment to free speech as twitter regs tighten more refugees from that cursed hellhole will find a home here
continued : 
 “ this man in the oval office is a soulless coward who thinks that he can only become large by belittling others .
this has of course been a common practice of his , but to do it in this manner — and to lie about how previous presidents responded to the deaths of soldiers — is as low as it gets .
we have a pathological liar in the white house , unfit intellectually , emotionally , and psychologically to hold this office , and the whole world knows it , especially those around him every day .
the people who work with this president should be ashamed , because they know better than anyone just how unfit he is , and yet they choose to do nothing about it .
this is their shame most of all . ”
greg popovich .
how many nazis watched the superbowlhalftimeshow lol
if it is a non - profit , there is a board of directors who could be consulted .
undoubtedly they are already aware of bart .
the bottom line is ( to me ) that the executive director is n't knowledgable enough about it to grasp that it is almost hilarious to suggest that bart has some special it talent that could not be replaced by a high school senior .
ngos do n't need anything special in this department , give me a break .
the ed is either limited in experience ( many ngo hire oldsters w/o a good current knowledge of it and related marketing matters ) or is simply too weak to go through the fit bart will have when he is shown the door .
i would leave .
i h8 huckabees .
-if it was nt for my exam tomorrow , i d be getting fucked up tonight .
i 'm thinking he 'll be acquitted , if only because i suspect the prosecutor ( this time around ) is motivated by something other than seeing justice done .
to be sure , the jury is not supposed to be influenced or swayed by such conjecture , but it would surprise me if the thought had n't crossed their minds .
( if anybody is wondering , no , i was never a fan of " the cosby show " though i do recall enjoying episodes of " i spy " back the day .
and i only have a neutral memory of bill cosby appearing as host in a civil rights educational film that was once mandatory viewing for many hawaii kids .
it 's the one where he compares his skin color to a sample of refined white sugar . )
hay dana ..... speaking of " political violence " , i see hillary fans are rioting , looting wal mart , lighting fires , assaulting police and hating white folks because a black police officer shot and killed and armed black man .
these anarchists are voting for hillary right ?
no mention of this story in the rg .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/09/21/protests-break-out-in-charlotte-after-police-fatally-shoot-man-they-say-wielded-firearm/
it 's dumb shit like this that makes me miss the days of 360 xbl when no one got banned and everyone was a faggot that also fucked everyones mom while fingerbanging your uncle greg .
sold something ?
what do you mean ?
i felt compassion for this selfless man who cares for throw away children who no one wants .
and yes , the parents just did not want to be bothered by her .
this man has a pure heart and the love of god in his heart .
' never blame the victim , unless it 's a man '
" no boats and hoes please thanks " - mom
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
i will do arenas one day .
well at least that s my goal .
i am so thankful for everything i have .
i ve never been this happy . & #
128522 ;
not sure what you disagree with .
all i said was this level of cooperation is rare here , citing only 9/11 as the one instance where the whole country jumped in .
you agreed , saying that when katrina happened , texas fought to help them .
then you went on saying how hurricane sandy did n't see this cooperation .
i think you suffer from being too much american .... seeing things in red and blue states and those divisions .
this is one instance where we 're americans , or more importantly , people .
there are cultures i know of who see the world that way ( going to one of those countries next month ) .
i wish americans would realize that 's the advanced society we should seek .
instead ... everybody 's an enemy .
lol .. but sad .
we 're people .
we 're not dems , we 're not repubs , we 're not red , we 're not blue , we 're not white , we 're not black , we 're not russians , we 're not chinese ; we 're people .
until we start seeing each other that way , we 're going nowhere but down .
a bad day for nafta and globalism is a good day for the great majority of canadians , americans and mexicans .
cheers , 
 john meyer
jeff sessions is an abject disgrace .
thanks to him , the swamp has carte blanche to run with the russian collusion nonsense in an effort to bring down a duly elected president .
hopefully more than her chairmanship is at stake .
maybe murky can retire to that property on the kenai river that she tried to buy from penny at a fraction of its worth .
murkey tried to grab our pfd multiple times , voted for sb21 which allows the oilies to steal our resources , voted to fund planned parenthoods baby parts business , supports obama 's open immigration , supports sanctuary cities , and does not support the republican candidate mr. trump .
she supports indian country in alaska .
she takes huge donations from outside corporations .
murk is not concerned about the average alaskan .
joe miller is .
go joe !
i support trans people joining the army that way they can get themselves killed faster .
hehe let 's convert you slut !
you 'll be like me !
a feminine beauty with the cock of a breeding horse !
you 'll be cursed with this fat insatiable cock !
hehe so you had better find us both a whore to fuck !
url
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
since you asked , i 'll repeat what president trump asked one of the ' free press '   ' what is alt - right ? '
no one could answer , and neither can any of you , for it has no meaning .
lmaooo rt @handsomeesco_55 she a tranny if she can open a jar of pickles by herself
he 's obviously a good christian white boy with good values .
now ken just because your having sex with a barbie doll which is not healthy and you might actually be retarded i am for real unlike your girlfriend in your mom basement
the dumbocrats are really trying to double down on loosing elections at every level .
at the same time : 

 never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake .
napoleon bonaparte
i insert my powerful cock into your moms asshole for full penile penetration .
then i absolutely destroy your moms asshole , to the the point that her buttcheeks rip apart into two separate pieces .
the governor is doing the job i elected him to do whoever you are .
i`m guessing your connected with the party or the speaker`s office or staff .
but you can hide behind your skirt when you make assumptions on what the governor thinks and what he doesn`t .
you avoid the reality , and the mess parnell made with sb21 , and that the only plan you or any republicans in the house or senate have , is to spend our savings and wait for 100 dollar oil again .
no thanks missy .
your a shill full of hot air ..
@dollycent lmao of course !
i used to be a boobs guy but i grew up .
well yeah , he 's got ta move them to iran .
it 's a pity that all the leading roles are females .
the only real male roles are the monsters !
you do n't know that mccain does n't wear lipstick ...... , .
i 'm white & grew up in south they call me " grandma america " i will " not accept white nationalist , dictators nor demented old men " .
america stand up & if you white nationalist do n't like it go to russia ! !
actually , i came close to that happening once when i was a prosecutor .
i was doing in excess of 95 in a 75 zone when i spotted the trooper and the state trooper wrote me for 90 in a 75 zone and all i said , was " thank you , officer ! "
and paid the ticket , of course .
" misfeasance is the willful inappropriate action or intentional incorrect action or advice . "
that is obama and his dreamer decision--- lack of enforcement of the laws he swore an oath to enforce .
earliest memories : • wondering if i constructed this reality which i 'm experiencing • wondering if everyone 's perception of reality differs
if i was president trump i would take complete control of 🇺 🇸 and have my supporters back me .... shut down all borders except for europe who originally made this nation what it is
keenly creator confront warlock dyke
ugly whore
so if everyone hates white people , why do males of every nationality love white women with blonde hair ?

nobody wants illegals here !
any person wanting to enter america should be of good character , no felonies , skilled so they can work and not leach off our tax dollars and medicare system , and with money in the bank .
coming to usa is not a freebie vacation .
they need to go through the system or stay where they were born .
sick and tired of idiots enabling this criminal activity .
imagine if this much effort and news coverage was focused on our homeless and impoverished american families and veterans .
sure it 's public , just remove the stairs and it 's still public .
have at it .
" give back dividends "   and " theft " ?
the funds remain in the earnings reserve , and have not been spent .
those funds continue to be invested and earning revenue for the permanent fund .
no , he called me a freak because i was not supposed to be here .
he along with dr shaw ( who said i was very weird .. he has n't had a patient like me in the 45 years of doing oncology , have never seen a patient do as well as i have done .
i have a very aggressive cancer that most people have not been able to tolerate the aggressive treatment needed to try and stop it .
he did his part and killed the cancer where it started .
the medical oncologist that wanted me to get disability and stop working wrote me off the first meeting we had .
she could n't understand why i wanted to keep working .
oh and so you can have more to hate ... all of my success has nothing to do with me or the dr.s , it is all god 's grace .
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
@mssmartie2u @schemaly @ryanbeckwith that demonstrates only that stupidity is gender less .
not every brown girl can sing y all gots to chill
some dear friends refugee from raqqa just sent phileena home with some syrian strong cheese and my love for cheese is forever changed
i 'm not a misandrist but when men get kicked in the balls they should get up off the ground and get back to work !
@thomasnash270 fuck off you look like a rat get off btd6 u fag
already winning on my birthday , because i just got my sheets to fit my bed correctly on the first try . #
nobodylikesyouwhenyoure23
jewish fundamentalists ( haredim ) in israel would prefer a rabbinate rather than democracy- a jewish version of sharia law .
some of these incels are like rabid dogs , i swear .
their ideal world is basically the handmaid 's tale but 100x worse .
i believe it happened a beer thirty .
< user > the guy should be sacked basically calling brexit voters nazi
exactly i d rather die than have a nigger or sandnigger doctor
the title of my book describes what 's behind proposals such as hb950 and sb848 : " hawaiian apartheid : racial separatism and ethnic nationalism in the aloha state " see 
 http://tinyurl.com/2a9fqa 

 please stop enabling this craziness .
please stop spending taxpayer dollars to promote ethnic pride and hobbies when there are serious economic problems which need government assistance .
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
jane , you do n't understand .
it 's not about rights ,   it 's about the progressive agenda .
christianity is under assault as well as white males and traditional values like entrepreneurship and the three rs .
it 's all about the narrative and framing the discussion and marginalizing those who do n't embrace the progressive agenda .
parents are deciding the gender of a child instead of nature .
colleges no longer allow open debate .
every effort is being put forth to socialize medicine .
the lgbtqlmnop agenda is just one more step in fundamentally changing america .
< user > yup a lot of these black people are retarded trying to be like these white cave men
from what i was able to gather from the article the home previously was used to hang out and do drugs .
there was no mention of meth being produced there .
i always thought that was the definition of a meth house , a place the stuff is made .
apparently i was wrong with my assumption , just consuming / selling the drugs in the house seems to be enough .
" suck my non existent dick ! "
-new to 4chan and apphumans   -a resident shitposter   -extremely offensive   -tumblr and reddit do n't interact url
we 've gotten through half the superbowl and i have yet to see a commercial about men beating or disenfranchising women 
 might not be a " win " but i 'm not feeling harassed at least
you soundin so pussy i m a have to fuck you
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
just because i do n't say it out loud , does n't mean i 'm clueless ; women always know .
we always find out.&#128578 ;
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
we 're putting a case study together .
one of the more interesting parts is the routing and display is remotely controlled .
seriously ?
and they berated president obama for his use of drones in our effort to defeat the terrorists ?
a man can take care of a woman and her whole family because it 's in his nature .
a woman 's nature is different .
a woman masked decisions based on whether or not she 'll be comfortable .
just because i do n't say it out loud , does n't mean i 'm clueless ; women always know .
we always find out.&#128578 ;
what do transgender people and pedophiles have in common ?
they are stuck in the wrong body .
we are different people with different backgrounds and experiences .we'll always have diverse opinions ! !
if i had a dollar for every gender ... ..... i 'd have $ 2 and a ton of counterfeit bills .
what is so funny about it ?
if you wait , it solves a lot of problems .
you idiot iran is not afghanistan or iraq we have 7000 years culture
please vox quit the internet cut yourself off from the world except for the small fan base where you play dictator living in a ghetto will be awesome
we can all be very thankful that franklin delano roosevelt was president during world war ii .
of all the men who have ever been president , there has never been anyone who could see the big picture more clearly or who had a better eye for talented subordinates .
i shudder to think what it would have been like if an ignoramus like trump had been president and had filled important positions with his political hack cronies .
so you are saying democrats are hypocrites because they met behind closed doors for some meetings during obamacare , and are now pointing the fingers at republicans for doing the exact same thing .
ca nt you see that both sides are hypocrites ?
or have you stepped so far into the deep end of the political partisan pool , that you are unable to see what s going on all around you ?
democrats are being hypocrites because they are knocking republicans for meeting behind closed doors , which they did during some parts of putting obamacare together .
republicans are equally being hypocritical because they constantly knocked obama and the democrats for meeting behind closed doors during the putting of obamacare together , and yet when its their turn at the table , they do the exact same thing .
it seems though , you are only able to see , or that you only care about , 1 of those points .
why do you not care about republicans meeting behind closed doors now , but you did when democrats did it ?
some of you girls and gays never played with a huge bratz doll head and it shows
because british men are cuckolds and too cowardly to do what needed it quite pathetic if that happened to my daughter or sister there d be a tribes worth of sand niggers finding out there no virgins waiting for them
jaden and will have illegal immigrants filling bottles of " just water " with the water hose in their backyard
get home police been round my house today , i 've been seen trespassing into a farmers field taking a slash along daws hill !
are they for real
" santino fontana for ' transphobia the musical ' "
disgusting turtle cock i knew it .
you probably look like a gross euro inbred with your receding hairline to top it off .
i bet " mommy " has to pick out your nasty dick cheese too .
you sound like such an entitled prick .
if your parents and nation are rich and you still ca n't get it together you are truly a pussy boy .
do n't worry boys , trump will bail you out .
these " regulations " just get in the way of doing business the way you want to , right ?
i wanna go to the ghetto club tonight .
c'm on man anybody that gets up and tells everybody they one bad ass brother has a freaking problem .
and he 's a mayor ?
under indictment for abuse of a county credit card ?
and now not reporting income for land sales ?
this is just sad .
this is just another stupid drunk big talking like he 's the man .
i used to have so much respect for billy .
his speech to hpu grads was awesome .
awesome .
billy you got ta put down the bottle brother .
pride is for all who support it .
queer , straight , trans , cis .
by the way , i was just hanging out with somebody from github talking about their decision to remove gamergate 's accounts for harassment .
may your gender never be neutral and you remember who you are 
 just look down and see what you got before you head out to the bar
the crimes against women are at an unprecedented high under modi rule .
conviction rates are at an all - time low under modi rule .
what will become of us in the next five years under # modisha ?
god save us .
god save india . #
unnaokibetikobachao   url
the ideas and goals of the alt right versus the religious right are extremely similar the means of getting there and the rhetoric is different the alt right tries to tap into values that are not there socialists are often fundamentally white but rarely fundamentally christian
when this ho get this through her head maybe she 'll stop gassing me up 🤦 🏾‍ ♀ ️ url
what do you call killing gay people ?
natural selection .
straw man much ?
i never said it can " compel " anyone to stand for the national anthem , so why pretend like i did ?
that 's just disingenuous .
if you think it 's so bad for people to stand and show respect for the national anthem ( as you apparently do since you 're equating the tradition / protocol to slavery / jim crow / etc ) , you 're welcome to try and change that protocol .
good luck though .
you see the reaction to the ones disrespecting that protocol now , and even most of them do n't think the protocol is actually wrong .
they 're just showing disrespect because they know it gets extra attention .
and they foolishly think any attention is good .
contrary to your suggestion , it 's not only " white male christians " that have pride in the country , the flag , the national anthem , and what it all stands for .
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
fucking fagot burn in hell
and the muslim american cop who shot accidentally a white woman is already in jail .
this american justice system is rotten to the core .
ai is dumb as fuck so they can only build a retarded robot if they are lucky like ariana grande but smarter
rt @lesxo _ : ca nt turn a hoe into a husband either
what 's gon na happen when the court sees the charlottesville driver did n't touch the girl who got killed until after she attacked the car with a club and smashed in the rear window with a blood - thirsty mob before the driver put the car in reverse . ?
i think courts call that self defence .
will it be like all peace , love and diversity singing kumbaya when the driver is found not guilty ?
can ’ t help wondering if his friend had been raped by a white guy would he have gone out for a week looking to provoke and kill white guys
what 's the only state were being transgender is ok with parents ?
alabama
i think the problem part was leaving the good sam behind .
the man who had stood alone against an hostile many on their behalf .
soldiers credo -   never leave a man behind ... , he had their back ... what about him ?
silly kids will do silly things ?
the cops were there to stop an assault - a group fight .
silly kids ?
i can ’ t believe i have class on fridays for the first semester ever so ghetto
suck my fucking dick
so if a game peaks my interest i will prepare for it .
i will try and make it fun for everyone .
and by that i mean cutting out my swearing !
only in america does a protest like this take place .
if i were in another country illegally and wanted to stay , the last thing i would be doing is protesting deportations at the immigration building .
only in america !
not only that , you guys would not have this same energy if it was your son having sex at that age .
grown men being possessive over their daughter 's bodies is predatory .
idc @ me all you want
< user > wow and if you took their masks off you would see how nerdy they all look there was a clip where they had their masks off i wish i could find it but they are nothing wussies hiding behind masks
uh been there done that !
a fandom with baby .
hello ! ! !
days of our lives .
will / sonny .
except that was a gay man that slept with a girl # robron
when trump boasted about his perverted sexual predations , the right fell all over themselves to excuse it and attempt to normalize it as ' just how the boys do ' .
even the self - proclaimed and self - styled ' righteous ' evangelical extremists decided they 'd just go ahead and accept trump and hold him close , never mind their christian hearts might go all aflutter .
used to be , for those self same evangelicals , even one divorce would summarily disqualify a candidate , but today , with trump , they do n't care if he runs through wives like some people do the number of new cars they might buy .
and the boasting and admitted perverted sexual predation ?
like trump did n't boast and admit his crime .
sexual perverts should pay for their crimes .
period .
as one , as a society we should condemn them and not allow them to escape punishment .
but , if you 're a right winger , you only act like you 're outraged if it 's not a right winger caught in their perversions .
no better example of the right 's hypocrisy
my fellow whites i have terrible news jews and niggers still exist
@juliereichwein1 @heyitscarolyn note : nearly all of the onlookers are equally - insane islamic punks .
meanwhile , the fuckhead beating her has her strung up & blindfolded like a piñata .
i can not put into words what i would do to that worthless piece of camel shit .
he would never touch or disrespect women again !
i ’ m convinced all white girls are hoes
why do men think they know what 's best for women .
take a seat and shut the fuck up
< user > from shithole countries lol go suck on an orange turd
< user > before that you should answer that why you were quite when kashmiri hindus were asked to leave valley they were killed raped and tortured
no ur not baby ur a fat fucking retard
he showed my computer on hete watching the fucking hate
if someone is going to lose their job over a mere remark , the least that could be done is a trial .
it is ridiculous to argue over what is appropriate or inappropriate when we were not there to hear the actual comment and have not even heard the prof 's side .
at least in a trial type situation we could hear both sides , and a jury could contemplate the appropriate course of action .
rather than a bunch of people who were n't there and only heard one side just bandwagoning and signing an angry petition .
my god , the power these kids have now is terrifying .
they can say anything is offensive ( so long as it targets one of the " optimal " groups ) and they can get literally anything they want .
must be a mad rush of power .
not only does she look like she has a penis but she would also suck out your soul through it
abuse allegations are bogus .
lbj needs to get out of la .
i 'm not a misandrist but when men get kicked in the balls they should get up off the ground and get back to work !
more than < number > of african niggas carry hiv aids so ladies if you like fucking mildly retarded niggas you will be getting more than you wanted
the aunt happy she was happy transitioning is a good aunt .
as a parent / aunt / friend you should only care if they are happy so long as they are nt out hurting others .
you re jealous like all leftist queers
you sound like someone who ca n't deal with imminent failure and is still grasping at straw men and gasping for air .
game over ( nearly ) 
 now mueller has trump 's draft letter to comey firing him .
trump , being as dumb as he is , will have put plenty of ammo for mueller to use in that one
any attention from men ~~at the workplace~~ they do n't find attractive is considered to be creepy in the west , fixed .
finally at least europe will regain its face before the world .
i hope the socialist mexican president andrés manuel lópez obrador will learn from this outcomes and finally closed its borders and deport those who had invaded my country - méxico .
this outcome will make the mexican people stronger to urge & demand the mexican congress of the union & president lópez obrador to cancel the global compact for immigration and refugees right away .
who is the hijabi girl ?
< user > < user > whites evil white privilege men evil toxic masculinity citizens evil do not use the term illegal alien
yes , many of our church leaders are not stepping up forcefully enough to address this issue and condemn it .
why ?
perhaps it 's because the church too has not only the present where it 's failing but also a dark past .
a past in which persons of color often had to sit in a few " reserved " pews in the back of the church and had to be the last to receive jesus in the eucharist .
a church   which thought it was being inclusive by adding a " token " person of color on a discussion panel , proceeded to introduce all the presenters with a title , mr. , miss. , etc .
yet when the " token " who had earned her master 's degree was introduced her first and last name only were used , is not truly showing respect or acceptance .
i 've always lived w/ " white privilege " and was not even aware of this until i began to minister and live w/ a " person of color " for 46 years .
this woman , in spite of this kind of treatment , dedicated her whole life to serving all of her brothers and sisters in this church .
much work needed !
when will african americans get it that , an entire black cast is getting used to make the hidden natzi sines , the left are very tricky and you ve got the dems , in the media lieing again , on africans name ! !
# truth will out 
 # speakfreely 

 # usa   # freedom   # liberty
i stayed with my rapist for a few weeks and after multiple attacks .
why ?
it was extreme disbelief , shame , fear , terror , shock , trauma .
it 's easy to say i would n't let someone hit me or i would kill anyone who tried to rape me .
i learned a personal lesson in my judgement of women , violence and rape .
he beat me , kicked me , punched me , bit me .
during my attacks all that i could think of was " if i do what he says maybe he wo n't kill me " .
i repeated this over and over as i was brutalized .
it was easier for me to tell myself it was rough sex , not rape .
when he said he 'd kill my loved ones , i believed him .
i stayed .
better it happened only to me than the people i loved .
in the end he went to jail for something else but my spirit , mind & body were broken .
i thought it was my fault .
that somehow i made this man become so violent .
i grew up getting hit .
this was n't much different .
it took years to heal .
years to learn violence is n't love .
forgiving & blaming myself ?
working on it still ....
and any 40 year old man that fucks 16 year old girls deserves to be euthanized
stupid bitch i 'd love to stamp on her head and spit on her
i guess the turd does n't fall far from the faggots ass
so as long as immigrants behave and respect british culture they can stay .
lets really put things in the right perspective .
the number of condo units affected is roughly 25,000 at a minimum average cost of $ 15,000 per unit .
the total is a minimum of $ 375 million dollars added costs to condo owners in honolulu .
where is the city or state going to find any money to provide any tax credits or incentives to provide any relief for the condo owners ?
also , is anyone not looking at the performance of hfd ?
was hfd not prepared for such an incident at marco polo ?
hfd does the easy stuff like house fires or brush fires well , but it sure looks like they are not prepared for a serious condo fire .
especially after what happened in london last month , you would think that hfd would be re - thinking their condo tactics .
finally , the condos were supposed to be designed so the fires were not to jump a cross hallways so easily .
obviously this design trait failed .
why ?
are other similar condos at risk with the same design flaws ?
say what you want about wwii but ... whoever killed hitler is my hero
king jamesix ok king james weeb ur life is literally worthless u little black slave nobody loves u and literally i bet u are a virgin that 's so sad lmao because u have no friends at school and eat lunch in the bathroom that 's how sad ur life is like nobody likes u actually
naaaaaah , nancy keeps saying that herr trump is a man that she can do business with .
what could go wrong ?
i 've never understood why maasais pray during public functions .
is maasai a religion ?
# madarakaday
i already wrote off the hawaii bowl .
rather , the quotes should go around " accomodate vatican ii reforms " .
now that anyone can go online and read the actual vatican ii documents , we can see the iconoclasts used vatican ii as an excuse to destroy what previous generations ' blood , sweat , and tears built up and   left us .
no one can point to a vatican ii quote saying tear out the altar rails .
any former incels here come to find you had unrealistic expectations of relationships ?
power rangers , ghost in the shell and beauty and the beast is out and i 'm playing doom .
what fucking year is this .
mulattoes are neither white nor black fact it the reason mulattoes were considered colored in america when america was still sane and it the reason haitian blacks exterminated the mulattoes after the revolution there is no place for you anywhere which is why miscegenation is abhorrent
yep i am all for more black conservatives being spawned but that not our job low hanging fruit is a bazillion retarded whites
@flaminiag _ @laura_bfitx yes ma'am , my gym is only for clients of mine or the other trainers .
it 's great .
the americans get elon musk and we get   a 80 year old screwball .
p.s she , ll pick costa rica ,
< user > < user > remember when you collaborated with neo nazis on a seth rich conspiracy documentary
nick name : may begay i m single girls looking for dating relationship .
some sad sacks of shit can only ever get attention by being as completely retarded obnoxious as humanly possible such pathetic nothings would have been totally shunned before social media the greatest failing of the internet is that it exposes us to the blatherings of blithering retards
happy birthday !
i see normies going on and on about banning islam me i just cut to the chase and say we have got to start shipping these sand niggers back to the mid east where they belong
i hate these gay losers url
math algebra reason the work ethic the nuclear family all halloween costumes and all white people in general are racist so yes count me in metoo
you can say you want to kill the president on twitter but you can not call people cunts the absolute fucking state of gay social media kill jack dorsey how about that fucking nigger
why has n't trump deported all the muslims yet ?
because he ca n't get them past airport security .
if a man expects a women to be an angel in his life he must first create heaven for her angels do not live in hell
all people engage in stereotyping bc that how humans survive anyone who claims that assuming blacks are thugs bc of how they dress in the ghetto is a retard bc they dress that way literally to convince others they are thugs so they will not be attacked by other thugs
< user > < user > egganazi he a real actual nazi you know that
the only real nazi is george soros and he is currently using ngo to flood europe with 3 rd world peoples he funds antifa he funds womens groups he is very anti white you d think the nazis were pro white based on the context of the insult
@444_anne @realdonaldtrump what 's your god have to do with that pussy groper ?
not a rhetorical question .
your god is the pussy groping god ?
url
being transgender is like changing teams in csgo once you switch you 'll get hated and kicked
because illegal immigrants can not really survive on the wages they are paid so the government indirectly subsidizes the employers by giving illegal aliens welfare benefits this keeps wages down and allows employers to make even more money while having their actual costs subsidized by the taxpayers
actually they were white people and no one cares
praying praying is just getting down on your knees and pleasing jesus
alabama senate ( 64 % in ): moore 53 % in counties where he got 52 % in 2012 ( running one point ahead of 2012 ) .
maybe so but asians are better at displacing and acquiring land like in canada and australia where they are being basically softly taken over by china
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
a really good teacher or tutor could have implemented both the interest and the subject into problems .
a fire - damaged chelsea tractor stood at the foot of staner court , overlooked by large cracks .
i sighed deeply .
on god i will suck your dick url
y'all both some faggots .
go dick each other down , and move on .
fags .
fuck allah that wanna beef shit nigga lets make a mill 💰
after the death of a feminist icon , i ’m reminded of those who paved my path 

 which ones are those ?
the women subjugated like dogs by the muslim religion ?
the millions of mutilated muslim girls and women who you never mention ?
you seem to be locked in a time warp where the women who need help are left without a voice as you white trash lesbians rage against the mythical machine .
instead of helping those that need it .
they are too small for you apparently 
 the war against the white male by the white and black feminists movement which infiltrated all walks of power and turned themselves into the bigots and racists we all despise ?
all you have ever been is hateful white trash who see evil everywhere .
it is you not trump who needs to be shamed .
you are hypocrites and sociopaths 

 anyway rationalize away if you dare
lol tiny dicked white boi fucking her .
she needs a bbc up that ass to really stretch that butthole to its limit and flood her intestines with african king cum .
political opinions are like penises .
< repeat > .
< repeat > n that a woman should never have one .
well , considering how behind canada is ... they ai n't selling them nothing .
heck , the chinese are going to give away this new research anyways , like they always have in quantum physics .
we ca n't even build a gawd dang train .... while china has the largest high speed rail network in the world .
canada has very little to offer them when it comes to intelligence .
only reason canada even comes close to china 's test scores is cause of chinese immigrants .
canadians , particularly white people in this country consistently score below average .
that vancouver based satellite company likely employs chinese temporary foreign workers to do all the research and development .
but wait ... we can stick a pipe into the ground and pump out the black stuff .
that 's our only value added .
the irony is , it ai n't the ivory tower pumping that oil out .
its trashy red necks doing all the heavy lifting .
lgbtq+ sourced are grasping at straws ?
lmao okay bud .
looks like my comment vanished as well as the comment that it was a response to .
i do n't think either one was foul and they mostly echo what has been said since then .
more webdev problems or censor ?
perhaps someone should apologize to me . *
looks for his nukes
girlfriend is hard pressed for shit to do now that her wrists are busted .
anyone got any suggestions ?
what a dumb albino ape ass bitch
we support trans people here
well   mr. macron has been elected   president of france .
will our b.c   .liberals   if   re - elected   refuse to   have any dealings deal with a new   socialist supported france ,
no doubt that as soon as he can mr. al - rawi will depart and return to much safer climes .
you can surround yourself with a bunch of white virtue signaling bata males all you want but that narrative goes away the second blacks talk about how scared they are just because they lost an election or one cop shoots a black criminal in self defense
what 's similar between cooks and trannies they both cut the meat
i think they 'll let the charges slide , though some want him hung by the neck .
that 's a bottleneck location , perhaps he was en route to a traffic jam ?
had dna white as a snow the way you write i see hominids smarts
elections have consequences and trump ran on protecting our borders .
get over it .
" i 've got pen and i 've got a phone " as king borat once said .
does n't make it to formal one time out of my four years of college and everyone and their grandmas still remember & # 128579 ;
man there s been alot of stuff on the news about it .
the last week we ve been on the front page of the news paper 3 times and on the news every night .
the uk accounts for about 40 % of our exports to the eu but only about 15 % of imports from the eu .
with germany pushing more exports to us the canada / eu trade balance is going to look really ugly .
... the revival is here !
it 's not about the booty - o 's or pops , because the # topguys are here on # raw ! #
rawaftermania
they 're not even that valuable .
that whole page cost me less than $ 50 bucks which is what lots of those games went for when new .
europe imports savages gets ghettos and crime and is surprised wherever they infest white nations this happens it proved by simple observation and experience and no where do they support the system or pay into it
any comment on this thread that is n't " men are pigs " is getting deleted for ' derailment of the topic "
a femi - nazi gives birth .
< repeat > " madam , your bab-- " " i ' m not a girl you pig !
i ' m di - neuto gender ! "
the doctor , obviously infuriated , is forced to keep quiet . "
well , then , your baby-- " " do n't tell me it 's gender !
i do n't want them to be forced at birth , let them choose . " "
ah , perfect then !
well * * * it * * * is dead . "
could it be that what you describe as " new agey type words " is simply modern english , as opposed to archaic english en route to obsolescence .
also , could it be that you simply prefer the comfort of lyrics we seniors were raised with , rather than the modern and fast evolving english that our youth prefer .
as for " lord " being replaced by " god , " i presume you are talking about the psalms and other ot scripture ?
if so , there is some history behind the change that is important .
when we read " lord , " the hebrew was often " yahweh " ( actually the hebrew only has the consonants yhwh ) .
the jews and modern scholarship recognizes this as the name of god , so by the normal rules of translation of names from one language to another , we ought to read " yahweh " rather than " lord " in english translations .
indeed the new jerusalem bible , used in catholic liturgies in great britain , always correctly translates yahweh as yahweh .
( continued )
trans people do n't need hrt to be seen as valid to others , we need it to feel comfortable in our own bodies regardless of what others think of us .
yup the goal is to confuse the number of sexual assaults , which includes all sorts of things , with the number of rapes .
they want the emotional reaction from the word rape to be multiplied by the numbers for other crimes .
i 'm forreals a savqge got these thots me fucked up
it appears that /r / relationships hates it when men batter women , but when it 's a woman who batters a man and justice is expected , it 's a different story
another option would for each state to require that its electoral votes would go proportionally to the popular vote in that state so that multiple candidates could win at least some of a state 's electoral votes .
that would get rid of the winner - takes - all nonsense and shift the campaigns away from focusing entirely on a tiny handful of ' battleground ' states to having to focus on all states .
right now a conservative never bothers to campaign in california because there 's zero chance of them winning those 55 votes .
but in the proportional system , trump would have taken about 18 of those votes due to his 32 % of the popular vote there .
conversely , clinton would have taken 16 of texas ' 36 votes due to her 43 % of the vote there .
in this way , every state would be a battleground state and the candidates would be motivated to campaign nationwide rather than just in a half dozen states .
heck , maybe we 'd even see a presidential candidate visit alaska ! (
clinton would have taken 1 of our 3 )
and he uses his multiple accounts to mark as uncivil everything he does n't like .
pretty effective too .
talk about gaming the system .
and if they do n't consider canada their homeland , why would they want to be buried here ?
i suspect that the mosque is the ultimate goal .
< user > that wall was built for different reasons terrorism not illegal immigrants
i like my women like i like my coffee ground up and in the freezer
blow up some buildings blow up a marathon rape women and murder a bunch of queers in a club stay all you want expose a democrat e mail conversation get the fuck out of the country liberal logic
sometimes my mom says such stupid shit that i have to remind myself that i protected her from knowing about much of the horrible stuff .
reminder that for every muslim with four wives there are three losers who have no hope of getting sex unless they rape animals children and white women polygamy creates social instability
omg my favorite tv show finale&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128546;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128170;&#127996;&#128170;&#127996;&#128170;&#127996;&#128588;&#127996;&#128588;&#127996;&#128588;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128079;&#127996;&#128522;&#128522;&#128522 ; # grimmfinale super loved it amazing will miss them on tv for sure loved it ❣
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
my grandfather stopped smoking twenty years ago today .
i 'll never forget that house fire .
if girls go to college to get more knowledge and boys go to jupiter to get more stupider , where do transgenders go ?
hell
funny coming from the overly aggressive redditor   it 's only the internet dude , calm down , maybe take a nap ?
jesus ' teachings and actions are fine with me .
it 's the merciless interpretation of jesus ' 
 teachings that are defective .
god can not be denied his freedom to forgive and love anyone who has sinned----and that is all of us .
now that you 're a man , you have to come hunting with us / go to straight bars / objectify women / drink beer / learn home repair / drive / etc .
because that 's what real men do !
jamaal 's signing was risky .
jamaal had multiple knee surgeries , so a lot of people have been writing him off .
still , i 'm pleased with what i 've heard about him so far .
the fact that he has put on his helmet and is going through running drills with his fellow rbs is encouraging .
i 'd like to see what he does on the field .
< user > no ma am please do not twist the matter no indian muslim would be thrown out only muslim refugees would be shown the door after all muslims have < number > countries to go to while hindus have only one india see in this context
when scripture says we are made " in god 's image and likeness " i doubt it has anything to do with male genitalia .
< user > tourist should visit india to get raped
we had a birth at sacred heart ( at the old location ) that bordered on malpractice .. it ended with a nurse cutting my newborn baby 's foot with desk scissors , removing her ankle tag without looking at what she was doing .
she had to get stitches .. as a newborn .. it was a horrible , horrible experience , start to finish , everything from pushing formula , refusing to give lactation training , moving us to a shared room so they could have the single room for a ' potluck ' , broken blinds , freezing room , disdainful nurses and ambivalent treatment .. 
 it culminated a few weeks later with me having to go back for a post birth hemorrhage ( retained placenta ) that almost cost me my life ..   never , ever again .. i never heard from the nurse who cut a dime sized piece of skin off of my baby 's foot .. not even an ' i 'm sorry ' .
bitch how you like my nigga picture but don ’ t like mine 🤔 🤔 it ’ clearly the same picture of my son
why does stormfront not have a section for this type of thing .
did n't see this joke you fat queer .
i know you wanna be an edgelord , but you 're probably an anti - vax cunt , so go suck your dad 's dick to cope with your suicidal thoughts .
or just kill yourself in general .
a must read !
pc culture from politicians help kill christians says archbishop of irak .
the problem with ' islamophobia ' smearing ... iraq 's christians ' close to extinction ' url
< user > < user > < user > < user > the difference between an immigrant and a refugee is timing important to judge what is best for your circumstances
if hitler hated gay people and women ... ... then who cut the hitler youth 's hair ?
my grandfather stopped smoking twenty years ago today .
i 'll never forget that house fire .
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
idk how bitches trust other bitches sooo easily .
i still have the same friends .
i went to target tonight and got essential oil and nail polish have i reached peak gay
do n't waste my time fags , if you 're in my dms then you 're gon na be my fag to exploit so i do n't want excuses !
if you 're following me then get messaging me to start serving your alpha 💵 # findom # paypig # payslave # humiliation # blackmail # circlepay # paypal # sissy # cuck # alpha
< user > why do not you meet with the women that you raped and offer them an apology with compensation there is a list and you have not asked to meet with them why not
* " yes , in the name of allah , i have direct orders from the mullahs and ( ( ( javad zarif ) ) ) to determine your coordinates .
hurry up and tell me sand nigga " * you 're the sand nigger , not me .
islam is an equity seeking ideology .
only people on the low end of the ethnic , class , and racial totem pole want equity to make up for their feeble traits .
a true nobleman would espouse aristocracy ( from aristos , aryan , i.e. noble ) as an ideal society .
you are your stupid religion of peace .
i 'm not going to say i told you so .
however , i will say that you 'll probably see this , and you know my email address if you need help .
there 's no job a union brother ca n't do better .
pussies are for fucking pussies you idiot
paybacks a bitch .
when are these rich , white men going to start paying taxes ? ?
i ’m tired of supporting their corruption
how was having sex like my first football game ?
i was all bruised and bloody after , but at least my dad came .
unfortunately i ' m over by houston .
funny .
i was born in bastrop , la.
< user > so did the nazis
no bankruptcy , if you choose to not be insured , then you are that rugged individualist that does n't need help .
pay up , period .
you do n't get to have it both ways .
if you want the freedom from the burden of insurance , then take the responsibility that freedom entails .
there are other debts that ca n't be discharged through bankruptcy , make this one of them , otherwise the deadbeats will find that loophole and exploit it .
http://www.thebankruptcysite.org/nondischargeable-debts
< user > < user > she not an american she a muslim one can not be both a hater of america amp a goat molesters wife
is it true the whole british kingdom is run by lizards 

 just sayin
we should treat muslim refugees the same way that they would treat christian refugees they will beg to go back to their war zones
i miss triggered normies in the comments 
 it 's a lot calmer around here when we are private and it 's a nice change of pace , but i really do miss pissing off normies .
sheesh , this tempest would fain tip the teapot .
i mean the bitter disharmony on display here , not that little letter .
the letter causes nary a ripple for the powers that be .
the underlying issue -- tell me if i 'm wrong -- is this .
belief in clear , objective rules of sin became a rallying point for rigorists .
that belief is in deep trouble .
you do n't have to be irish to think up a scenario -- several scenarios are well known -- where thwarting an ethically considered abortion would be un - christian .
and it 's not hard to think of christian exceptions to the no - communion rule for un - annulled remarrieds ( we have a " quote " from you know who naming one exception ) .
so good luck with objective rules .
judgment is not ours .
can we still accompany each other ?
we 've come to the last straws of objectivity , and those are wafting away .
soon all any of us will have left to confront will be our own failure to love .
yikes , i can sympathize !
i do n't like thinking about that at all .
2013 + 5 = 2017 new math
bernie stands up for all minorities .
imagine if horoscopes were n't fake as fucking sin .
right this is the biggest problem most men would rather be stupid cucks and you try to be nice and they stab you in the back .
fuck em that is why i do not even bother i will just fuck their women lol .
i 'm sad i lost all my hoes for this lame ass nigga 😔
< user > as long as the party is controlled by white trash southerners this is what you will get
@washingtonpost @nytimes a poem worth sharing , by an african i would love to write a piece on my experience as a south african female immigrant ( under these conditions ) , now raising a half white son .
poverty to " riches " .
the q , " where do i feel safest ? " #
istandwithilhanomar url
bro i fucking hate when my classes get done early bc now idk what to do with myself
tl;dr white man bad .
my dear fellow moslems who live in europe you need to understand two facts < number > europe has never in history accepted your so called prophet and your religion islam < number > from the european perspective islam is just superstition of uneducated arabs and you will never change this attitude never
london stan under attack again police suspect it was four old white women upset because they did not have enough recreational centers i would suspect liberalism and jews paying sand niggers but hey i do not have a degree in journalism
register guard got the story wrong about the wreck :   the jetta hit me in the right rear side of the truck , just behind the cab .
then , i went head on with the lady in the acura .
yes i was injured :   i just did n't go in the meat wagon to the emergency care .
i have at least one broken rib , 3 dislocated ribs ,   & my neck is screwed up ,   amongst other things .
my truck is totaled .
it 's amazing i 'm still alive .
to be fair liberals are constantly in < number > < number > retard mode so they do not have far to go
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
" why is it that the canadian government made such an enormous award to khadr … " ?
because the canadian government was complicit in the torture and illegal incarceration of a canadian citizen .
the harper government was warned by the supreme court that it was failing in its duty and the government ignored that warning and instead doubled down and used khadr as a whipping boy for its favoured " it's - us - against - them " wedge issues .
10 million is probably cheap .
and some who do nt get jobs will found consulting companies that charge an arm and a leg to do the same work because they were refused a position based on race ....
one of the tiniest pussies i 've ever seen .
hopefully there 's a big cock to fuck it daily
but look at the positive side : could we really take care of 105 million ? (
i am being facetious , of course . )
but even with 75 million catholics we are clustering parishes , at least in the east .
yet why the bishops wo n't ordain married men ( " proven " worthy , as francis suggests , encourages ) , wo n't ordain women deacons ( or promote it ) , more lay deacons ? ?
why , why ?
who knows .
but our bishops -- the national conference of   bishops -- wo n't budge on this .
how can they do that ?
because they can .
purely and simply .
daddy , why is there a girl here ?
# transdayofvisability today is our day to show others that our community will not stay silent .
we will stay strong and fight to be heard .
sorry , but what they did was just sick and wrong .
i do not take the opinion of anybody with a nigger name seriously that alone tells me that his her mother probably do not know the father was ghetto trash
if the authorities say it was a woman shooter we know for certain that it was black moslem male
good morning tonight i had a nightmare where all tj suddenly became horny for todd and people were shipping him with hank there were fanarts and whole threads about it and i wanted to kill every single one of you
i actually read it on ktuu ' story .
sorry .
hawaii 's lead industry is tourism .
somewhere along the line get was seen as maximizing state revenues and tourists would pay .
the get penalizes the poor , middle class and yes , small business .
we have 8 million tourists / year .
minimum wage supports our lead industry , and that is why we have it .
the intent may have been for minimum wage to support high school students .... ,but i see a lot of adults of all ages working these jobs to support themselves and families .
we have over priced rentals , minimum wage paying jobs and get that pays for rail and other government gratuities .
in the meantime people sit in traffic to get to multiple jobs to support their kids who go to poorly funded schools .
we have backed up sewer systems , climate change and many employed homeless ( some sheltered , and some not ) in our midst .
since the legislature ignores rent control and prefers get to fund their penchant for tax breaks and subsidies , raising minimum wage is the only tool in their arsenal .
and would it kill one of these fucking cis girls to just once call me a woman ?
is it that hard ?
am i too disgusting ? ?
help me understand ! ! ? ?
do n't underestimate these mysoginist albertans .
they are neither insane or stupid .
they are no different than their likes in usa .
they are likely well educated , middle class men and women who prefer to be racist , segregationist and sexist .
you may not like the tone of this message but you ca n't deny the inherent reality within .
she 's a piece of human garbage , just like the guy .
i have sex the way i have my coffee : 

 single shot espresso .
as benjamin schwarz has pointed out in fact britain today receives more immigrants in a single year than it did in the entire period from < number > to < number >
lots of bad habits erupt from religion today due to lack of the kingdom of god # prophetjegede
on a pasta sauce recipe being passed down in my family , grandma ( to sister ): : someday your mom will teach you how to make it !
grandma ( to brother and me ): : and she 'll teach your wives how to make it too .
i 'm 16 , male .
my brother has shown an interest in cooking .
< user > < user > if a white person commits an act of terrorism you tie yourself in knots to avoid calling him a terrorist he mentally ill
african culture has its own issues .
here in western culture with a supposedly educated , enlightened population with no prohibitions on sexual protection and the understanding that aids is virtually 100 % preventable , there is a growing epidemic of the disease predominately in the male homosexual population .
courtesy of a public school system that has adopted the " do whatever you want " and " religion is oppression " mentality of the 1960s .
freedom of stupidity and self - gratification over common sense and respect for self .
< user > < user > then what do you say about modi forceful intervention in iok < number > boys taken to concentration camps women raped curfew etc etc is nt modi patronizing a zionist ideology i do nt think true hinduism preaches mass killing
whenever money is transferred someone can make people are profiting from it an illiterate hiv moslem increases the gdp by more than a nurse all govt spending increases gdp its easier to make money off destruction than creation if you know when traitors will stab a country in the back
i watched this press conference .
this man is delusional .
fuck you stupid bitches
i hate this showguck this show imreakmy gonna cry fuck off
jesus fed 5000 people and died a virgin ... some man carry a woman go kfc one time & want pums .... be like jesus to man ! ! !
cho 😒
rt @_xxrehana : damn disgusting i wanna cry https://t.co/gavmojoilr
infowars : “ get next week , next month , next years news , today ! ”
reality : * links to nbc article *
someone seems to be retarded but that one is not me better luck next time
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
reed should stop trying to add another dimension to the pack of lies repub party .
so what you 're saying is taken a bullet erases the absolute evil ways of scalese prior to taking that bullet .
he was the biggest opponent of stripping the middle and lower class from healthcare , a haters of gays , and anyone that does n't look like him .
the irony is that his sorry , hateful life was saved by the very people he directs his hateful speech , a black man , a black married lesbian woman and a latino .
he should try to   a better person .
i doubt he will .
fuck the entire human population
got ta love all these hindsight armchair gms .
he drafted siemian too .
when his team wins .
he wins .
many first round picks do n't pan out .
especially qbs .
he has done relatively well in draft and killed it in fa.and all y' all dissing him for brock , if brock had gone to the superbowl in houston y' all would be singing a different tune of how " elway loses " .
half of the fans were ready to crucify je when he let him go .
media talking heads as well .
pl is a project ... let him be a project .
we knew that from the start .
brown skin girl ♥ ️ url
# vousecoutez # nowplaying donald byrd & amp ; 125th street , n.y.c. - sexy dancer # yurzradio enjoy music from # reims
almost like most trannies are utter failures at being men and choose to take the easy road of being a woman in current year
1/2@bandq terrible customer service in your leicester devonshire road store today !
went to collect my order to be given the wrong item
being bi is awesome , sure it comes with people both gay and straight thinking ' bi now , gay later ' but it has given me a wonderful insight on the world .
i am my own man and sometimes a man and i will share a beautiful moment , sometimes a woman .
each relationship is as special as the last and comes with its own uniqueness .
no your misogynistic bs of saying that the women on here who 's partners have said that she 's ugly are just lying because their wives are controlling .
that makes you a troll .
i love people who tell me how they 're going to bank exclusively online .... and they ca n't get their wifi to work and by the way can i open a tangerine account at a scotiabank branch ?
i ca n't figure out how to do it online ...... 
 i 'm not knocking online accounts , i have one myself , but if you are not at least tech - competent , there are ways to bank free and get decent savings rates on your emergency cash at physical bank locations .
you 're so pathetic ... a slave to your own dick .
cum in cash while i mind fuck you ✨   # findom # paypig # humanatm # mindfuck url
amazing how niggers and other forms of virtually useless muds always neglect how little value they have it add
yeah !
watching news on the other african - american male who was arrested had his friend claiming he will help fight to prove innocence just because he can talk plenty .
that s his proof that the black shooter is innocent .
what s up with all two black males shooting incidents in 2 weeks ?
chinatown needs more chu lan shubert to try and keep chinatown fresh of crime .
most chinatown folks do n't like others coming to a place where people look the other way when they come around for prostitutes , drugs and sleep on the sidewalks .
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
daddy , why is there a girl here ?
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
like i ' ve said before , kevin myers has always been a voice for us here in ireland .
lgbt stands for the members of the dragon knights !
lancelot gay vane bercival the legendary siegfried
" so , who won with   bannon ’s   ouster ?
in many ways , the religious left can be happy he 's gone .
but they should also worry that with his exit the corporate establishment and military interventionists now have little opposition in the white house . "
uh , no .
bannon is breitbart is alt - right is neo - nazi is kkk is white supremacist is no friend or advocate for anything moral .
he coveted a position close to power in order to de - construct the government .
is there any reason at all that anyone should believe that his position was anything besides self - serving ?
having the ear of the inept cowh ( current occupant of the white house ) , bannon was jubilant that he now had a stab at tearing apart the country .
we now have a white house in total disarray , a gop with no spine to rein in the cowh , and a cowh whose ego determines the direction of this country .
a chameleon changes its coloration to blend in with its various backgrounds , but the animal beneath remains the same .
all the black guys in green all look alike same muslim beards
< user > while jewish involvement is undeniable muslims are the ones who are actually raping and murdering across europe do not get me wrong oven the jews too but my hatred of muslims will always be greater and more personal
anyone want to online dominate me then dm tranny tgirl sissy gay slave exposed
suspended from twitter for calling a ghetto thug name tré melvin racist for referring to white people as white trash twitter is clearly moderated by members of the new black panther party
shoutout to the time when someone forked # ggautoblocker , made changes , and gamergate thought i did it because they did n't understand github .
america was born off the genocide of native children , and the enslavement of black children .
if you want to play that game , i can tango .
--    many of his instincts appear to be rather mainstream , but he does n't seem to care about them enough to fight for them.-- 

 the only instincts he cares about enough to deal with are those that promote and advance his and his family 's brands .
the man is a narcissistic sociopath that his handlers have learned to wrap around their fingers .
carolyn you have made some good points however your case has been weakened by trying to jump on the left 's bandwagon and denigrate trump .
i doubt that you have ever met the man .
you may be working from a political narrative that has been promoted by the clinton campaign and the media in order to smear him .
" innocent until proven guilty " ?
only god knows the full truth .
trump is an imperfect sinner in need of god 's grace just like the rest of us .
however there sure are a lot of people willing to throw stones just before the election !
i am reminded of naboth 's vineyard and ahab and jezebel .
it is not hard for kings and queens like the clintons to get people to come forward and make accusations - e.g. does anyone remember what happened to clarence thomas ?
and it may very well prove to be a very effective campaign tactic .
however i am very troubled that at , which is a publication that i have gladly supported since its inception has now repeatedly taken such a partisan position .
if girls go to college to get more knowledge and boys go to jupiter to get more stupider , where do transgenders go ?
hell
great nazi faggot
< user > go to bed faggot
what is wrong with people ?
most of them voted for a man who bragged about sexually violating women and underage girls , so i guess i should n't be surprised .
" @panelrific : let 's go 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 🐧 😃 "
i think betsy devos is a very wealthy woman who has no idea what she 's talking about , so cutting her off every time she speaks is a practical way to shut her up ... kamala harris is a very astute politician , with a great diversity of knowledge , and as such , has presence when speaking ... interrupting such a speaker is done only to quieten her points , and such behavior is plain rude ... this may come across as bias to some , but if we are honest , this is the reason for the disparity in judgement .
is gamergate finally eating its own tail ?
@ilatif 😩 😡 .
america is a sick nation .
there are terrorist attacks in afghanistan , but no senseless attacks like a school boy shooting his schoolmates !
i miss my ex wife now i have fallen deep deep into depression and am tieing a noose as you read
you know religion is the original conspiracy , it was invented for greater control of a broader spectrum of people , it was the next logical step for a post roman civilisation .
we are very clearly made in the image of apes that have lost most of their hair .
ah , so it 's only an issue if people can see you .
got it .
for the record , i rarely watch a ballgame on tv wearing only underwear .
competing with chad is like fighting the final boss in a dark souls game 
 and you used a cheat , so you 're still level one .
a new way to look at impeachment :   • a majority of men oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of women support impeaching trump . •
a majority of white people oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of people of color support impeaching trump .
url url
prayerfully something like this may continue , especially for minorites / blacks
goes back to when the jews now < number > but a tiny alien bolshevik minority helped set up the naacp primarily run funded manned by jews all through the uncivil rights era adding the negro < number > to their < number > increased their reach < number > fold they use negroes as shocktroops
cloudflare ray id : 34b6e41633642aeb • your ip : 185.78.132.74 • performance & amp ; security by cloudflare
point one .
these people can apply for asylum in their own country .
no need to cross our border illegaly
among the unmerited gifts of my life was gregory 's tutelage in toronto .
his weaving the personal and social dimensions of faith together has had a lasting impact .
once in conversation he offered an observation that has long helped me understand diverse pulls in the church .
we were reading johannes baptist metz , and he grounded that remarkable thinker 's life 's work in a personal question , offering a clarifying contrast .
metz and ratzinger were roughly the same age , raised in nearby bavarian villages .
their early social and religious experiences so similar , yet their life work so different .
the holocaust set the question with which metz has grappled ever since :   how was it possible that , in such devout catholic setting , fervent , believing catholics offered so little , if any , resistance to the rise of absolute evil in history ?
whereas ratzinger felt deeply the loss of that peasant catholicism in the face of modernity .
one of those concernss became gregory 's , too .
u dumb nazi shit u mad america blew u the fck away ?
usa !
usa !
when u see the the picture of the vid it say gaymes with james what gaymes
i would say the exact same thing about the ndp and add it is not the liberals who are changing / gaming how we vote , it is the ndp itching to do it .
i have more fear of horgan and his little pet weaver than i ever will of the liberals .
" i 'm a lesbian trapped in a man 's body . "
might work .
how do we know that lady is a white woke liberal and not your typical chud
so the fact ( i know your side hates facts ) that 74 % of all domestic terrorism deaths in the usa are from the far right means what to you ?
oh the left is about 3 - 4% .... so you were saying ?
yta , you 're a faggot and a disappointment to your ancestors and should not encourage such behaviour in other people
follow up : did anyone get in contact with manwomanmyth ?
men ca n't be raped .
if you 're a man you consent by default .
< user > this administration never fails to keep their white trashy unprofessionalism from leaking out
# twosecondcomebacks " you 're too sensitive . " "
no , you 're not sensitive enough . "
what 's the best part of punching a tranny in the face ?
you get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt .
the majority of white folks do n't realize that our race relation issues were created by white people for white people .
we minorities have had very little say about our public policies in this country .
heck , our 1st black president was followed by the guy that said he was n't born in america .
white folks did build our racist heritage .
we have been working on becoming " a more perfect union " ever since the founding of the nation .
the 2nd amendment was necessary to commit ethnic cleansing and building the macro economics of the nation on race based slavery .
murder and rape were part of the business model for the nation .
clearly , christianity does n't prevent white racism , rape , or murder .
this country is proof .
the beauty of white racism is that it allows the average white person to go through life thinking they are innocent while collecting their white privilege .
for example , white folks are n't racially profiled .
this despite the fact that most mass shooters are loner white men .
this whole winestain misspelling intentional thing takes me back to a simpler time when men sexually assaulted women instead of kids them were the good ole days
@ alceste -when each side of a dispute has " each other 's number " very much tends to be the point where things change rapidly from words to actions ,   alceste .
are you losing the verbal debate so badly that you feel the need to " take numbers " ?
really ?
i ca n't stand the orange man ; ca n't see why any of you idiots ( who also voted for bush / cheney ) voted for him ;   but i 'm thankful he started his speech tonight condemning the violence against jews across the nation .
see , south africa is just a glimpe into our future , as the beasts of memphis run it directly into the ground .
why has n't trump deported all the muslims yet ?
because he ca n't get them past airport security .
show this as an expected requirement for immigrants to stay in the us and watch them leave just explain that this is what the schools turn your kids into and end a of illegal immigrants
making fun of retarded kids is bad but using them as a pawn in your dumbass lib plan to gain sympathy is worse i stand with corey wompwomp
4 women , 3 years ...... and he showed himself , in all his glory what he is . . "
show weakness ' ... a typical macho taunt by usually a man , who himself lacks spine , and used , to embarrass otherwise good men .
color not withstanding , the fact that 4 women took him to task is what kills him .
how dare women ?
you arw the biggest racist
have you ever known a gun to register itself ?
gun laws apply to people , not just to guns .
now explain why the u.s. has a gun fatality rate that is 25 times higher than in other developed nations , which do adequately regulate firearms and yes , to make it more clear , people and their behavior with firearms .
who else here were taught that women are romantic creatures who seek a spiritual connection , and how did the truth not reach us by age 10 ?
i usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident / incident .
i then phone them and find out what has happened .
when a woman claims she has ' studied parenting ' in this day and age you can bet she is going to write a very sexist article that is anti - men !
all the books and all the studying in the world can not prepare new parents for ' parenting ' .
it 's a part of life that is different for every single parent within every single family .
it is probably fairly miraculous that so many families actually survive the process of parenting .
in some the mom turns out to be the rock that holds it together , in some its the dad .
if the children are really lucky they see both parents as equal contributors to a happy and balanced childhood where , however unequal the division of household chores may appear to be , the main anti - dad point in mcdonald 's piece , both parents are grown up enough to make parenting about the whole family and not just about martyred feminists like mcdonald .
she completely misses the most important part of any good parenting .
accepting full responsibility for having a family .
its war on men 
  hallelujah 
 its war on men 
 amen !
no guy is never , 
 ever gon na be 
 not found to be 
 not guilteeeee 
 its war on men 
 its war   war war war 
 ----------------------------- 
 thank goodness i;m gay and i do nt have to deal with that stuff straight men have to deal with .
was the shooter on ssri 's , by any chance ?
but you are okay with people like roosh who a raghead and a rapist
i love the muslim unity amongst islamic nations how come they did not take in even one muslim refugee 🤔
no , he 's giving arms to saudi arabia .
you know , the one 's who killed a journalist because he called them out on their evil , and where the vast majority of terrorists usually come from .
last time i checked , mexicans did n't bring down the trade center towers , did they , princess ?
url
all hoe money is gooooooooooood
with respect , the only plan out there that would restrict future spending is the governor 's restructuring plan for the permanent fund and dividend .
under that plan , any new oil booms that would provide the funding to increase future spending would be filtered through he fund , and the actual increase in money available for new spending would be minimal , if legislators were somehow compelled to follow the plan through good times as well as bad ( which would probably mean enshrining it into our constitution at some point ) .
why have n't i seen any white men on the " short list " for scotus nominees ?
< user > trudeau muslims ko jyada chhoot de raha tha alot of refugees from muslim country
so we lost to new zealand .
and i can understand pakistan 's glee .
tomorrow india will go back to celebrating its economy , space program , it , bollywood ... hundred other successes which make indians smile .
but where will pak go ?
imf , fatf , exploding citizens ,   monosodium glutamate ?
the malheur occupiers were allowed to speak and tweet and post videos , so this is n't about free speech .
it is about the difference between unarmed and armed civil disobedience .
if rosa parks had been armed she probably would have died that day .
@pablonobars yeah man .
men that actually care bout gettin to know you , you do n't treat em like that but see them niggas that feel entitled to pussy .. raw em out ! ! ! !
trannies and pedos .
this is what < number > years of kike brainwashing does to white kids sad
sit down faggots
< user > raped the lil boy and he got sick gave the lil niggas aids smh 😭
@ thevisitor967 
 " o looks smaller and smaller with each passing day" .... t.bruce 
 o took 17 months to get oscare ... which will implode this year .
scj gorsuch will take care of the illegal immigration .
the wall to keep out your buds will start soon .
what did o accomplish that benefited a majority of americans in his 8 looooong years ?
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
you are just another retarded white boy ready to shoot up a school smh you are such trash .... please go to your closet and make a noose and kill yourself your fuckin trash
and gay women ?
they are far more monogamous than any straight men !
are you forgetting them ?
( xpost from askreddit ) take a look at top comment , what a shame .
or just wait until you have been busted with a car full of teenage boys and alcohol and you are already the county second most famous homosexual pervert oh lookee here i just found a get out of jail free card
@whotfismic definitely not true .
niggas that buss & ca n't get back up for another round have terrible dick .
< user > < user > in islam blacks are sub human only good for slaves
based upon the people who are eligible for the extra incentives it would be much simpler if they simply stated that it will be available for everyone but white males .
yeah , you must live in a safe space cause niggas ouchea do n't give a single fuck about going to jail .
sounds like a trump tweet
this comment could have been copy / pasted from around the time when " an inconvenient truth " came out .
o pleez god hates queers both 0 bamas are male both have a penis the mooch is a hideous anti america phony nothin to do with skin color hope mooch is jealous of our beautiful lady melania
this is it .
i have finally come to understanding of my issues with gender and sexuality .
i just wanna be cute .
you think there were few abortions prior to vatican ii ?
no child abuse or any of the other problems you mention ?
that myth has been put to bed many times by historians and sociologists .
what began to change in the 1960s was that our world grew smaller and communications became easier , then virtually instantaneous , so that we learned about things that were kept from us when channels of communication were fewer or non - existent .
add to this the impact of easily available contraception , and people who were aware of the world around them embraced their sexuality instead of fearing it in the naive belief that god approved of only a narrow understanding of human sexuality .
along with these changes came new social issues and , yes , we have to deal with them just as our ancestors dealt with the issues of their day -- but not with the answers they devised and certainly not with their limited understanding of the world and their own sexuality .
your post is excellent but , doctor demento , do n't you realize that all city employees , along with councillors and the mayor need to have their salaries , benefits and gold plated pensions continuously increased ?
why do n't you understand this ? ?
since toronto city employees are only interested in themselves , and feathering their nests , and the mayor and city councillors do n't have the nerve to stand up to them , toronto will drive out much of their tax base because of the high taxes on businesses .
do n't be surprised when the councillors destroy the many quaint , funky toronto neighbourhoods to get money from developers , and therefore destroy the character of toronto , turning it into a city without a soul .
the people who run toronto with their short - sighted , make a quick buck mentality may eventually cause toronto to go bankrupt , like detroit .
if they do , i wo n't cry for them , since toronto would have allowed it to happen .
were the kardasians jenners raised to be coal burners or what i mean the mom married a crazy white man that thinks he s a lady you think she raised them not to like white guys
idk gpaw if we have to suffer the presence of shitskins i d much rather they were raised by a bunch of faggots than by the animals that birthed them or god forbid these disgusting white christian cucks ya know
< user > no they ’ re wonho in white and shownu in black from monsta x
your sick fuck number one i do not and never stick shit up my ass that all you freaks lmfao your funny gay nazis whitesupreamist
to be more specific about what people " say , " it was the usgs that stated in 2011 there has been a little over 40 % of the recoverable natural gas pulled from cook inlet to date .
with export volumes of lng diminishing and the closure of one of the largest fertilizer plant in north america , cook inlet gas will be around for a long time .
but as mitchell andrew stated , " just not at the price set by the regulatory commission . "
rca ( regulatory commission of alaska ) a politically fueled entity has made a mess by creating shortages and surpluses in south central alaska by injecting politically fueled price controls on the producers .
could be the greater emphasis on functionality is shared between the styles of architecture .
@realdonaldtrump trump bans transgenders and then acts like he 's celebrating them 🙄
i 'll fuck you with my fingers because a mutt like yourself does n't deserve my dick
< user > the fetishizing lesbians joke yuck
hi i am new to gab and i have run the numbers vaginal pros self lubrication feels amazing cons pregnancy sometimes a little loose anal pros tighter muscle she can not get pregnant cons have to buy lube kind of gay even w girl
you tube has censored our channel because we have been trying to expose the normalizing of pedophilia by elites etc ( including university prof. 's etc ) 

 # pizzagate # pedogate # savethechildren # speakfreely # nwo # luciferians # divideandconquer # lies
nope never claimed to be a kang that what niggers do i am just a regular guy who wants my country back and who does not want < number > white women a day to get raped by niggers which is what currently happens in this country
what are you even talking about ?
alt right are not " authoritarians " nor is white identity " racist " it 's 2017 , you have black panthers performing at superbowls .
remember , black panthers started out violent , and were lead by a man who wrote entire essays about raping white women !
kkk and nazis did not organize the weekend 's legal alt - right rally .
they showed up uninvited like antifa who sprayed acid on dozens of people .
nobody is worse than the con man caldwell , nobody .
and his goo is all over your face .
this whole country is embedded w racism that is no lie but the media is beating it into the brains of american ppl to be over sensitive of any thing white ..
thanks i ' am 31 y old , and it 's too old for a military career in france .
i was soldier in a fighting unity during two years ( sapper ) .
i was drawn to all the wrong things : i liked to drink , i was lazy , i did n't have a god , politics , ideas , ideals .
pussy fag
if a person : 

 a ) does n't care enough to procure something as simple and fundamental as i d 
 b ) can not figure out how to get basic i d 

 they have no right to vote .
seems like a fairly easy and fundamental requirement to enjoy the rights of a citizen and participate in the benefits of same .
i would say it is near criminal that the gop or liberals would stoop to reducing democratic security with the potential for voter fraud just to enhance their electability .
particularly , when the solutions are easy and not a burden on the population .
if we do not take our democracies and the security of their institutions seriously who will ?
i 'm sorry you 're struggling and feeling invalidated .
people can be so unsupportive and cruel .
my kid has many lgbtq friends who are feeling the way you are because of unsupportive people .
i can sit here and psychoanalyze you , but i 'd just be regurgitating what i learned here , so i 'll just refer to you to this website : [ url](url ) my kid 's friends have done it and it 's helped them -- especially the lgbtq community ( they suffer from more mental health issues than straight people ) .
<3
i bet this roided up cunt gets flooded with pussy because of that monkey !
kill em all , put them hoes to rest .
url
i think i need me a walk on the bitch at night 😩
remember everybody used to wear them ugly ass roshes
perhaps nan once lived in ny , where people * would * be charged for doing that .
dear @shireenmazari1 is your baby w - h - o - r - e sleeping with uncircumcised indians these days ?
url
what do you call bathrooms for transgender people ?
the disabled bathroom
my biggest fear always been getting pregnant by a loser nigga , so i ai n't messing with no loser nigga .
question : what sets your friend apart from other women ?
answer : she 's different ... wtf???&#128580;&#128580 ; # datemyfamily
its exactly like coming out of the closet .
once it 's out , it ca n't go back in .
life long friendships will become surprisingly strained and awkward .
family members will hold you at bay and think you 're mental .
but others will leap out to support you in surprising ways .
like when someone comes out as gay , there 's some story like " oh , you know your uncle charlie was gay , but different times then . "
and people will share with you , and in the end i find that 's it more rewarding personally .
like being who you were put on earth to be .
@taraskuzio @lara_lazar we too have a rise of white supremacists here in canada as well ; especially in alberta .
we call then rednecks .
uneducated idiots who have never seen the world & opened their minds to other cultures .
this ignorance is dangerous & the state must be vigilant with these haters .
ca n't trust these hoes ... and when i say hoes i mean dudes to
everyone and anyone who supports the destruction of pakistan deserve to be hanged # hangtraitorsofpakistan # pashteencapexposed url
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
what do you call bathrooms for transgender people ?
the disabled bathroom
hollywood peddles violence and murder then wants to take our guns
for people saying indians shit on streets , pls do n't worry about us .
94 % of the people have access to toilets but what can we do ?
there is no toilet in the world to flush out shit like you .
white greeks are not white
i have heard or seen nothing from these faggots like anglin azmador and little ricky all day enjoy irrelevance and circle jerking your cult followers like vox day has done
ige is going on case 's recommendation because she can not enforce anything .
respect the ocean .
absurd column , written by a women for women .
i do n't know any women taking care of their loved ones , but i know plenty of men caring for their wives , and their moms .
another load of fake news trying to buoy the failing lie of downtrodden women .
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street
just in time for the election .
smells funny .
american vets discarded by the jews are passing this and organizing against them they wo nt protect jewish lives now that everybody knows jews want whitegenocide achtung juden
less guns in the hands of law abiding citizens means more easy targets for criminals .
what are these ers managers doing with our money ?
playing games ?
no wonder the ers keeps losing money .
they fell for the women in charge meme
what 's the best part of punching a tranny in the face ?
you get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt .
then we have different descriptions of cucks .
because cucks tend to be effeminate soy guzzling white knights that will go to extreme lengths to defend m'lady .
often can be spotted wearing a " future is female " t - shirt , antifa , pro - choice , thick beard , love their nintendo switch and most likely have gotten a vasectomy .
it seems fair to say that pdn attempts to demand civility in their comments is a fail .
too bad .
its really fucked that the more forgiving&amp;compromising you are the bigger target you paint on your self .
might as well beg to be hurt
it 's unfortunate but the two years of delays due to politics and the mismanagement of the project ( i was one of the few who summitted written testimony against the hiring of the past hart ceo ) made the overruns inevitable .
on the plus side under congresswoman colleen hanabusa 's chairmanship the hart board is finally acting like a board .
bailing on this sub .
stop promoting that other sub they 're nothing but fucking incel losers .
see ya goofs .
m0xyy is some weird autist kid in a grown baby body with poop stuck to his diaper .
url
i do n't think anyone who understand what the actual message is ( a protest of police killing of unarmed black people , mostly men and boys ) has lost the message .
those who think the black players kneeling shows disrespect to our flag or to our military , also have n't lost the message , they never had it right in the first place .
the players hurt no one with their protest .
when the anthem is over , they go out and play the same as always .
trump is making a big deal of this in order to distract attention from how he is screwing up absolutely everything he can lay his hands on .
we 're lucky to have this little controversy ; otherwise , like the last republican president , trump might need a very expensive war to take everyone 's minds off his screwups .
there is child in every one of us even 14y old daughter has one
usa has gone to hell ! !
more misogynistic and homophobic degenerates , top down ! !
well , for 10 - 12 billion dollars , we could offer everyone free helicopter rides for years .
this bitch should be stoned to death
is that a man with that pink bag ! ?
is that a man ? !
wow .
everytime you open your mouth i just imagine you begging for a black cock to go down your throat it very unpleasant please stop being such a nigger loving faggot
" ... your 's ? "
is that a word ?
+ chief comin for you faggot .
islam will not stop being violent even if the whole world is muslim it will only degrade from jihadist violence to sectarian violence as it has in all muslim countries so far
i 'm just a man .
i 'm not a straight man or a heterosexual man , i 'm just a man .
elegabalus who posts here always let 's us know that he is a " gay " man , i.e. , he is sexually attracted to men and embraces that attraction as his identity .
victor victoria has a rainbow flag as her image , and that 's not because she 's a noah 's ark fan .
there 's a gay dude who posts on breitbart ( until he was fired for supporting pedophilia , but i digress ) named milo who has the same position that i do on gay " marriage , " yet he 's all about being a " dangerous faggot " ( his words , not mine ) .
it 's not mere self - awareness , it 's narcissistic pride .
my problem is i forgive people , that 's not meant to be fucked with&#129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
guys , he is an australian imam and really is smart and speak sense .
i 've been interested in him after his interview with tarik fateh .
read about him ... he 's a rare one and more like him are needed .
divorced and remarried people have been receiving communion for centuries .
i have never heard of any of these people getting struck by lightning or getting arrested for this practice .
but i have heard of thousands of priests and bishops and archbishop 's who end up losing their jobs and some even going to jail ...... not for giving the eucharist to a divorced person ...... but rather for raping 8 year old kids .
get rid of the trash who are not leading the catholic church and hire some people ( men and women ) who want to work and do this job !
i enabled anon again so you pussy as bitches can hate on me !
have fun !
url
damn .
there would be one girl .
only one .
some years ago there was this girl that i had a crazy crush on like a crazy one but i was simply too scared to tell her .
some years pass and i move to another country and thinking that i wo n't get to see her again cuz she also moved to another city a few months before me i decide to text her what i felt .
man guess what , she felt the same like my fucking god , i could 've been so happy if i only was a bit more brave but i guess there is something good about everything , because of that now i never hold back .
btw it would also be very awkward seeing her
i feel sorry for these obviously mentally sick white people who are obviously emotionally and intellectually retarded
< user > < user > import more people from shithole countries voting for shithole politics and texas will be blue
we 're in this position because there is no consensus among the general population about how to fix the fiscal crisis .
each proposed solution has it 's constituency , and none are a majority .
there is little point in a legislator " voting his conscience " when they know the voters will kick them out and undo it all the following session .
and you think i care what a filthy white heterosexual ape like you thinks ?
lmao .
sorry snowflake but i just think white men are disgusting animals .
murderer caught after he created the murder scene on a tattoo from his chest https://t.co/3l27gwbnxx
everything hacks your biology these days 

 porn hacks your sex drive 
 social media hacks your relationship drive 
 and video games hack your achievement drive
never let anyone tell you whom you can be with .
understand , if you do go the interracial route , your gon na get lots of negativity from your people , and other people as well .
it 's just ignorance , but a fact
the liberal attack on the economy continues .
would it be better to declare talmudic judaism a enemy of the united states and exterminated from our society grope gate shows the world it is jews that are pedophiles not the muslims dead jewish goat raped to death by jews
qatar , a minuscule state that has contributed nothing but destruction and carnage to the middle east … it 's time to draw a line the sand and send a message !
url
@know_thy_self99 @rickyrawls @anthonygrea8 t @tyynastyy @jasi_two 1 .
that 's bs and you know it .
rhianna slave play loving ass ?
serena , sleeps with 4chan ass ?
2 .
wider audience to what ?
name a job ask u to recite lil ducal lyrics to get hired .
that black intersectional feminist garbage is mandatory in college tho .
nice try .
how do i cope knowing 
 that girls only like nice guys when they are sad and lonely , the moment their self confidence picks up they will look for better .
" angry white men " 
 well , this sounds like angry anti - white screed to me .
until we stop with the simplistic thinking of people in terms of categories , fabricated to boost ourselves up and tear other people down , not much progress can be expected .
i am glad you have a father and he seems like a decent one keep listening to him i dealt professionally with large numbers of jews for years they are a disgusting cruel and mendacious people they are like crueler more intelligent arabs
do i sense a hapless schmuck who got screwed over by a woman ?
i hope you feel better now , but do n't generalise your experience to toronto women - you make toronto men sound whiny .
mccain is going to die .
today would not be too soon for me .
he is an evil man .
teddy kennedy is waiting for him .
rt @lunagaristo : transphobic asshole : trans people do n't exist * me disappearing into the air * : thank fucking god , i do n't even want to …
richard , i did nt say it applied to iolani kids .
i did ask about two hundred kids in waipahu and about eighty percent said they would rather work than go on to college .
21st century warfare .
lets expand the military academies to accommodate every enlistee .
graduate and you get in , fail and you do nt .
that way , the men and women would be better able to evaluate whether or not the war the rich were sending them into was for the country or just for the rich .
millions of kids work in family business in the u.s .
and do it legally .
alabama restricts children under 16 to eight - hour days , 40 - hour weeks and six - day workweeks ; idaho laws permit all workers under 16 to work up to nine hours a day and 54 hours each week , but they can not work between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m.
i do n't know about you , but i fucking love my curly boiiiiis 

 { }
< user > a muslim mp is being disciplined to act only as muslim representative and then ppl question why bjp does not give them enough ticket
dimetrodone : iwannabeadored : wugaazi : that guy who went around painting dicks over potholes so they would ... https://t.co/yzbj80rakx
you do n't take ya contagious ass to a vulnerable environment and infect those around you , you get better .
same thing with relationships .
< user > < user > i do not know if i can ever forgive them for the episode where they said faggot wasn t homophobic or the one where one of the dad transitions into a dolphin because they are constantly parroted at lgbt folks even today
went to the gym 
 seeing people 's faces contort in disgust in reaction to mine made me realize i am subhuman trash and that death is my only option .
shame on london 's muslim mayor , he attacks trump during a visit to pakistan , a country that executes christians for false charges of blasphemy .
jerusalem was , is and will always remain the capital of israel whether sadiq khan likes it or not .
url
nothing is sacred to this man .
noting other than his insatiable greed and limitless selfishness .
niggers are only good for keeping judges cops corrections officers and parole probation officers employed go die you stupid worthless black nigger trash
all jews using a computer are in incurring in appropiation of an invention of the whiteman all jews delete your accounts now
dyke dyke dyke dyke faggot faggot faggot faggot nigger nigger nigger nigger whitey whitey whitey whitey wetback wetback wetback wetback sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger kike kike kike kike retard retard retard retard i can play this child game all day long on gab speak freely
its this type of trash being published by main stream media that creates divisiveness .
" femininity is too emotional , women do n't have to be "     when did man hating become acceptable ?
is that how women achieve equality ?
i knew we should have went with this guy for prime minister ... 

 http://i.imgur.com/eqyyfz6.jpg
everyone is being ugly in ow and i got a shitty loot box , , , it 's time to start watching my show
to the end of being elected by television watching , uneducated canadians .
it 's always about you is n't it loser ?
you really must live in an insecure , tiny handed , mushroom penis bubble of narcissism and illiteracy .
it wo n't get better .
your penis i mean , you could learn to read more gooder .
url
guys i 'm at a school play and one of my friends looks so hot but he 's a boy and also gay this is .
a crisis
i was in the 8th grade when she passed and remember the outpouring of love from the tejano community .
beautiful soul gone too soon#ripselena
reeee piece of shit
" the man has no moral compass and absolutely no personal code of ethics or personal integrity . "
what a stupid thing to say , troll
that white bitch from clueless is fine
" you are n't in danger .
but any chance you guys can hop up on twitter and start a " " party " " .
too bad it 's at the expense of dying children "
what 's the point of being a gay trans man ?
why did n't you just stay a straight girl ?
< user > < user > warren you look like a democratic cuck who worships women hoping to be one 😂 😂 😂
@realsaavedra disgusting hateful bitch !
eid mubarak from your white bread small town canadian mum ! !
cooperate who the hell is looking for cooperation it is either true or it is not you will not even admit that black violence is wildly out of proportion
then women should be prepared to returning to outhouse when white men stop being plumbers .
will i get in trouble for saying nigger or towelhead here
sometimes my mom says such stupid shit that i have to remind myself that i protected her from knowing about much of the horrible stuff .
what do you call 2 midget trans people having sex ?
a micro transaction
the boers will be free in their volkstaat by then and they can show us how their ancestors carved a civilization outta nothing
the parents and guardians of those children illegally sneaking them into a foreign nation are the real monsters .
the new difference , no u.s funding of subversive groups in the region .
who is pretending decisions between ag or housing are not hard choices ?
that sausage factory called the legislature is how we sort that out , and no one is saying its easy .
pretty tough to argue that billy kenoi is not a great communicator , whether you like him or not .
he is an amazingly gifted speaker .
was an incel .
full of hatred and pity for himself .
did you go into one of the restrooms and help one of the bums scrub his private parts ?
the opportunity exists .
my dog literally got out of my backyard , and got hit by a car .
they did n't even fucking stop .
who the fuck does that
older people experience discrimination and abuse but older people refugees are exposed to more injustice and abuse at nduta refugee camp our colleagues celebrated with people with specific needs < user > expose ageism < user >
no one is saying " rush " .
canada is well aware of the caveats .
it does sound like you are a little over stocked .
you will need to keep right on top of the water changes to keep the ammonia down . [ ... ]
edited to add .... gravel vac at the same time and you kill the proverbial two birds with one stone .
b ruh bosnia very epic praise allah 🇧 🇦 🇧 🇦
you 've been dying to rip into gba with that one , have n't you ?
pretty clever ... for a troll .
i did n't go to school there but can i come too ?
< user > the gag is they been gay
that 's like being bisexual- it 's not real !
it 's because america is a cesspit of racial intolerance and exploitation of the working class and poor and while europe ( well france and the uk at least ) is also a cesspit of racial intolerance and exploitation of the working class and poor but just not as much .
of course it 's a " cuban " cigar .
thinks cigars are what ( gentle)men smoke - quick ! [ ... ]
cuban !
oh save it loser , no one is forced to fly on an airplane but we all have to use electricity , man you lib trolls will make any excuse to justify the most incompetent file mess the ontario liberals have done to ontario !
bitch i 'm michael jackson dangerous , i got yes julz in my bracelet .
fuck off whore bitch slut motherfucking gastrointestinal cock sucker hoe fucking slag
when you can not handle the truth you call it hate speech racist white supremacy homophobia islamophobia and anti semetic
ridiculous comment to make .
descriptions of wanted criminals are always generally included in crime reports like this one .
do you not want these hoodlums to be caught , and brought to justice ? ?
i 'm surprised that the victim was only 43 .
usually it is the elderly who are more susceptible to con jobs like this .
rt @thebloodshow : why all these hoes be wearin flowers around they head .
i hope a bee sting they ass
" @realdonaldtrump commander - in - chief trump used russian " " active measures " " against opponents .
intel house investigation "
@noconversion each of these pastor have targets of min.100 souls , which ensures their family / children education in best of school becomes url kerala church asked followers to give 5 coconut to hindu family url one month time that family can be converted
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
unfortunately i agree with you completely .
the feeling of helplessness .
seeing looming disaster , and unable to stop it , while too many stand on deck , cheering and celebrating in their blindness .
it will be interesting to see what degree of granularity they go for , some auto parts apparently cross the border up to 8 times .
how will a component that is imported from taiwan , put into an assembly in the us , then exported to canada for an other assemble that is put into a final product in ohio , which is then sold back to canada count ?
how do you allocate the value added ?
you will probably see the trade deficit with china shrink , but with other asian countries expand - that $ 750 iphone imported from china that is currently recorded as a $ 750 chinese import will suddenly become $ 50 china , $ 100 taiwan , $ 100 japan , $ 50 uk , $ 50 holland , $ 400 us
@seungbirds when will white boys learn how to stay in their place
and you would know because you 're a black man who knows lots of other black people , right ?
not that you 're being patronizing   to black people or anything .
if you are looking for a great book with insightful historical content read thomas sowell black rednecks white liberals an amazing book from a brilliant economist
i do n't have to sweet talk u , i 'll just shive my cock in ur ass and rape u then you 'll be my faggot , faggot
that 's as deep as you go ?
damn dude , alright well take care but try not and let your country kill anymore immigrants you 've got imprisoned .
cry more little pussy ass bitch n\*\*ga , you deserve what you got
being gay is childish and ghetto 😂 😂 🗣
other ethnic groups are allowed to have ethnocentric charter schools paid by taxpayers .
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
gay pride is to uplift , talk about , and celebrate a group of humans that have been ostracized and harmed institutionally and in society throughout history and if you do nt understand that i m sorry for your lack of empathy and ignorance
" to you a female fetus has more rights than a full grown woman . "
you don;t really believe this idiocy .
you only say it here because you saw it make an impression on some gullible mid - to - late teens .
and that 's giving you a lot of credit .
as for your theory that too many children causes poverty :   do n't get me wrong , i love brainless sex as much as the next guy .
but it 's brainless sex that causes too many children .
so if you can follow a chain of causation , . . .
this story makes me consider the white suicide vs white genocide memes our situation is similar it is white auto genocide in a way we have not been physically conquered and forced into these policies at gunpoint but we are doing it because of constant malicious suggestions by outside groups
babs is hitting on the waitress .
talking about moistness of nachos .
disgusting .
in front of courtney too .
yikes
negerball has went full ghetto apefreaka looking forward to the before after photos like 1 9 2 0 dietriot to today
thank you margaret .
as usual , lies , damn lies and statistics .
the numbers can be manipulated to serve whatever point is required .
and the trope that women have it bad and men are useless is far from being over .
can not trust them hoes that talk too much
new sub dedicated to calling out the hate and discrmination of incels .
" more specifically , it recommended these advocates ensure ... that there is a “ trauma - informed and survivor - centric approach ” throughout the legal process . "
it is difficult to see how this can be interpreted in any way other than calling for all complainants to simply be believed .
to assume they are survivors is to assume that there was an assault to survive .
to assume that , even when there is no evidence to support it other than the complainant 's accusation , is a serious incursion on the impartiality of the justice system .
i suspect premier notley is about to find out that the screamers , sign carriers , road lie down in ers , professional paid protesters , native activist you have n't consulteders , leaping manifestoers ,   spirit bear sighters , downtown yoga practitioners ,   enviro - lawyers , hollywood all - knowers , suzuki foundation contributors , and numerous members of groups with alliance , defense , or collective as identifiers , have no intention of being won over .... but , good politics to try .
i always figured she was biracial because of her last name but she dosent look it at all to me .
never forget that reality winner leaked the nsa information that they did change votes , she was put in jail for exposing state secrets .
not lying !
the barking dog 's dribble merely deflects attention to his own inadequacies .
if he would just keep his mouth shut ....
tiger out here looking garbage ! !
make me wanna try and get my pro card .
golf is not a sport .
its like chess .
all these guys have dad bods .
none look like any kind of a professional athlete .
black people need to play this sport from adolescent ages .
if so , none of these guys would exist ..... facts
striaght out da mud nigga ca n't fuck with fuck nigga
i could imagine this retard walks like this in real life
better suck my ass if you think i 'm going waste a body on a wasteless nigga mf this pussy exclusive
what do black on black male murder rates have to do with while male violence ?
could it be you just could not pass up the opportunity to broadcast that statistic ?
tillerson called trump a moron .
sen. corker questioned the child in the wh .
are those highly respected men being anti - trump or simply telling the truth ?
nigger males are faggots on the down low another reason why aids figures so prominently in their ethnic grouping only the least desirable of white women settle for muh dick these women have either low self esteem daddy issues and or low iq a deadly combination for white women < user >
how many men here either ( a ) are boycotting marriage altogether ; or ( b ) having fewer children than they would otherwise because of divorce and child support laws ?
so excited for the latest series of @rupaulsdragrace .
love all the contestants​ so far .
minus trinity .
really not feeling her & # 128567 ;
@flaminiag _ @laura_bfitx yes ma'am , my gym is only for clients of mine or the other trainers .
it 's great .
i ain t got paper in front of me nigga get your educated ass to itemize what i personally owe you and we will talk green until then cram it up your loose ghetto asshole
this weekend i return back to the roots and heart of professional wrestling as i 'll be covering and supporting the independent wrestling scene companies like roh , njpw , what culture , evolve , pwg , and so many more
" deplorables " lol .
i hope the democrats and other halfwits keep using this term .
it will be entertaining to see trump win a second term if they do .
these liberals are fanatics that view any money that they do not seize as lost revenue .
i would expect that much of our talent and capital will leave .
they will destroy prosperity in canada ,   what will be left to tax ?
he has claimed to be from german descent for a while now .
however , he is lying , birth certificates were dug up that proves is father was born in new york .
mate , if you americans re - elect this stupid bustard you deserve all that comes with it .
is it really correct to describe malala yousafzai as a " pakistani woman , " when she does n't dare return to that nation as she would be murdered by the followers of the " religion of peace ? "
a few muslim girls may have been " harassed " for wearing their headscarves .
in their native countries they would be raped and murdered for not wearing them .
islam as it exists today is a pestilence on humanity .
of course there are many wonderful people who are muslims .
there were a lot of charming german nazis too .
but muslims belong to a cult whose basic tenant is that anyone who is not muslim is sub - human and can be enslaved and murdered with impunity .
that is a fact .
it is a cult which deems women as property belonging to men - first their father and brothers , then their husband .
if those men decide the behavior of a woman has dishonored them they are free to murder her .
the worst problem with islam today is that it encourages women to have as many babies as possible .
maybe now the weirds queers can hear us that we can not stand their vapid anti american anti family anti normal gay tranny pedo pushing bullshit which they interject into every movie tv show we the real people of us want the return of family values altruism justice for all morals normalcy
male redditor describes a female pressured by her friends to lose her virginity , told her he was n't ready and tried shoving her away , but she forced herself upon him , other redditors point out he was raped and the thread snowballs how females ca n't rape [ r / askreddit ]
you only saw what you wanted to see .
obama responded like a president , a man in the face of many insults and tragedies , unlike the white supremacist now soiling our country 's highest office .
using mary , if such a human actually existed , and the having the idiocy of attempting altering biblical scripture to fit a narrative to protect and excuse a   pedophile shows the level of ignorance of evangelicals , in a state that has the reputation of brothers marrying their sisters .
mary was , per the bible , a virgin , meaning " untouched by any man . "
moore is a sick , twisted , perverted , liar , choosing the wrong time to not admit , to not step aside , to not demand a full investigation ( which the innocent usually demand and deserve ) , and foolishly to use the donald " sexual predator " failing defense .
wrong time , wrong place , wrong moment in history , because this is the moment , after decades of bullying , death threats , fear of reprisals such as jobloss , and more , women are coming forward , again after and i reiterate , decades of forced silence about abuse .
anyone , male , female , christian , not christian , who stands with roy moore , is standing on the wrong side of history .
well it is still quite small .
but completely over represented during the pride , or during our women * strike last month .
women had a * precising those who identified as such .
we actually have really few trans , but it is growing in the big cities .
bitches retarded
yeah take them away homeless white britons move them to backalleys nigger ghetto wedding is coming to town complete with dreadlocks rap and initiation ceremony out of voodoo manuals sign the petition britfam let them know you do not want trashy hood rat stripper awarded with titles
of course they were not actually opposed to niggers either < number > scowled because they were supposed to when nazis said it but < number > rofled at the dead nigger storage scene in pulp fiction because nothing is real everything is artifice everything is fake
trump banning transgender people from the military is completely unfair to america 's enemies .
tell me how bad do you want me cause i do n't know if i should stay or if i should leave , cause i 'm torn & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128514 ;
well they do line to brag about their involvement in gay rights and they practically own tv
if you the light skin lil wayne then do something about it faggot instead of going off the grid for months / years and then releasing a mediocre album with a track and a video that totally rips off weezy . "
know what i mean "
< user > < user > they are not illegal aliens they are people just like you they are no different so stop with the inflammatory demonising language plenty of white americans commit crimes do not single out the minority of immigrants that do you are definitely indoctrinated into the cult of trump
hot tranny mess .
# it 's sad that the opposition has brain washed us so much that we believe that anything that is said by media owned by capitalist is right .
i would gladly throw this slut off of a 20 story building
killing for entertainment , not need .
what 's the point of being a gay trans man ?
why did n't you just stay a straight girl ?
good idea to release that info just on general principals but do not kid yourself fam detroit ghetto ain t giving up on john conyers they will re elect that old dope for as long as he wants to run good to have conyers around as example of dem corruption for propaganda purposes tho
that 's a little inappropriate for a boy , do n't you think ?
mine is " your gay asf bitch , and you should just go kill ur self "
i never said becoming a minority holy shit .
i just want the mentality to change and some new blood here and there .
it 's good for a nation to mature and grow .
they are all women are fuckin annoying bitches
the fcc vote on net neutrality is expected to take place today during a meeting between 10:30 am and 12:30 pm et .
well at least they have no fear of speaking up for their race try to find that in a white politician jews do it blacks do it arabs do it metizos do it
what 's your opinions of your own mothers/ sisters .
< user > it a traditional lutheran church serving estonian immigrants in southern california since < number >
< user > < user > fool we do not do this stuff on an everyday she was out of line for during that to them white kids just do not act like it a everyday thing with us
" the church now has among the most stringent child protection policies of all ... why not ever mention that ? "
because saying that would be being either ignorant or deceitful .
it is unfortunate but the latter is more likely to apply to you .
i asked you a few times to read the book " potiphar 's wife : the vatican 's secret and child sexual abuse " by kieran tapsell .
i also asked you to get a canon lawyer to write a rebuttal here at ncr ; no article yet .
harvey how many babied did you kill today were they all nigger babies
yes , let 's just put our all attention on the bishops , and ignore the fact that most of the child rapes were done by gay men .
dude .
@ashleysmashlaay and @rachellemaust video has me all kinds of fucked up&#128580 ;
philbert and tommy are now lgbt+ icons .
i hope they catch that piece of sh.t and this is why i urge all women to pack some heat .
anyway you all see these euro niggas dangerous mofuckas
and moors were sand niggers originally but african niggers stole their name because they never accomplished anything in their history still no plumbing in africa kangs should demand greatness but africans produce futility
< user > i thought women do not fart
the medical insurance company here functions as a death squad too .
if you are a political opposite of the current rulers of the northern hemisphere your life may be warped , likely impoverished , your children imprisoned , all family assets collected by the state of alaska as well .
really , the legislators need to regulate the insurance medical industry trade and this will involve testosterone .
currently , it 's a mean girl world .
change that .
we used to have young men who were ready to serve alaskan interests .
where are they ?
i just see " ladies " .
his friend beat the delaware criminal justice system .... murder charges dropped and he was set free .
now he 's trying to help his friend using same concept , poor black man .
he is stupid ..... made comment to media that when smith was arrested for assault , made him cut his hair after that incident , but on the night of the shooting he had his dreads intact , that was one of the iding charateristics .
if cut his hair after , shooting makes his friend a co - conspriter .
i do n't ever recall the g and m doing a parallel article on the lives of men which have been destroyed by false accusations of rape .
yet there are many .
many men who have not been allowed to complete their uniersity degrees , many men whose lives will bear a permenant stain just because one vindictive feminist made a sport of destroying another;s life .
so much for feminism .
let 's get together and conclude that the feminist movement is nothing more than an evil pseudo religious cult , the purpose of which is to destroy many beautiful male lives .
campus rape is nothing more than a canard .
why do nt the femnists look at what they are doing with tearing human babies from their wombs .
why do nt we ever hear anything said aboutnthe very real victimhood of women in islamic countries being punished and sometimes stoned to death .
< user > and everything everything book movie i ’ ve watched crazy rich asians yesterday amp i loved it
" i 'm trying to take you out " to " you do n't look good enough to rape " .
i have a headache , where do y' all even come from because wtf url
you do n't take ya contagious ass to a vulnerable environment and infect those around you , you get better .
same thing with relationships .
i need to find a hooker who will do anything for 50 bucks .. i have 2 papers and an online exam due by tomorrow
as the russia investigations inch closer and closer to proving guilt among donald trump and his administration , trump goes back to his " deflect and distract " strategy .
hey - look over there folks !
i 'm banning the transgender community from enlisting in the military .
and i 'm banning them in a tweet without consulting anyone else .
and hey - look at that !
i think i 'm going to go ahead and pardon myself , my family , and anyone associated with my administration ( even though we 're not guilty of anything ! ) .
and hey !
look at this !
i 'm going to give a speech at the boy scout jamboree and talk about my huge electoral college victory , and also urge these 12 - 18 - year - old boy scouts to boo barack obama !
is n't it obvious , once again , to anyone with an iq over 20 what donald trump is doing ? ? ?
as the pressure mounts on trump , his " deflect and distract " strategy is once again in play .
it 's a sad situation that he is the leader of our country , and the sooner impeachment day comes , the better !
you were n't already wary of men who do shit like going to planned parenthood rallies ?
feminists do n't hate men .
they hate their own biology .
i think girls go to clubs to meet guys cause there are so many guys there it makes it easier to meet some one .
atleast that s what i have been told .
i m not into the dancing they do .
dave , most of the time , you hit a homer .
on this one , you are off - target .
you did not do your homework .
you did not talk to people on the job who get caught in the no - man 's land between union and management .
otherwise , you have a pretty good batting average .
ige should not veto this bill .
well devildog you and i both know arabs turn and run
visual representation of how retarded bitches are url
that was the most beautiful coming out video , i almost cried .
the talent eugene holds is unbelievable , and i am incredibly proud of his courage .
the story in the choreography is so meaningful and beautiful , it truly hit my heart .
this is art , and there is no other way to describe it .
( i 'm muslim , and not quite sure how to take the lgbtq+ community , but i will never do anything to take action against them .
i will love anyone , regardless of who they are and how they classify themselves .
we are all humans , and all deserve to be treated like such .
that 's what i believe the word of god is . )
fire from the hills , pick up speed and let 's go 
 fire for real , yeah , shoot to kill with no aim 
 head for the hills , yes , eyes on the camp fire glow 
 creep up there like a white mink hiding in snow 
 and out of the black a figure forms 
 a soldier in the sky 
 with a drop of love 
 trying to set you free
mh 01 ch 5498 this cab has over fast running meter ... travelling everyday morning from marine drive flyover to nature ( 1/3 )
u mean hell and i 'm an atheist so get nae nae'd kid
< user > < user > fake news retard
many of these illegal migrants from the u.s. have financial resources - why are they allowed to collect welfare benefits and receive free health care services upon arrival into this country ?
furthermore , name one other country in the world that provides these kinds of benefits to illegal entrants into their country .
and one question - will those migrant individuals / families pay their benefits back to our government upon rejection of resident status in this country and before being sent back ?
canadians should be outraged .
cultural marxism maintains that all human behaviour is a result of culture not heredity race and thus malleable cultural marxism seeks the takeover of education mainstream christianity the law finance and the annihilation of western civilization in general and white people in particular
and all the sex will be gay or lesbian
look at this pussy playing in solo .
nigga join a public lobby you 'll be dead within minutes 😂
... i wonder what the mushroom grows look like in these burn scars , supposedly the best place to find mushroom grows is in burn scars ... where pine and aspens lived together .
yadi is a fucking faggot
i swear some men online are really dumb , guys if a woman wants to see your lower half she will ask you for it , why do some men just send dick pix to a woman without her asking first , guys do you think that woman is going to drop to her knees and get wet cause of that .. disgusting .
approach with their shrill scrape
follow me before the twitter normies move to gab so i can feel superior
fucking trans piece of shit mongrels
justin trudeau is a retarded asshole
this is horrible treatment !
they should flee america as fast as they can .
this daft bitch needs to be dick slapped url
gerald- what we have been doing really has n't worked out that well and costs a lost of money .
i think when you spend that kind of money the results should be better .
sb 91 has some real problems and i sympathize with the police and prosecutors dealing with it .
if we do n't try something new however we are doomed to keep repeating our past mistakes .
i also have to agree with wolforth about the valley delegation who keep prattling on about " right sizing " government and then run for cover when that is actually tried .
really disgusting conduct .
when did michael kors become a “ ghetto ” brand any time a lot of black ppl get a brand y ’ all call it ghetto its annoying
yep , and the world the gun nuts want is one in which we all erupt into gunfights multiple times a day in response to perceived slights , offenses , and " danger . "
whenever i see some idiot with his sidearm displayed on his hip i definitely feel threatened , because no one carries a gun to not use it .
i guess it 's just fine to waste them with my own gun and not wait to see if i actually am in jeopardy .
honestly , talking to a gun nut is like talking to a coconut .
civilized lol and now the pakis are on british soil just returning the favor good job ain t karma a bitch
public urination , yelling about cancer , shoplifting a bottle of smirnoff 's vodka from trader joe 's
our group chat name is “ down bitches ” when we all know theirs only < number > down bitches out of the of us
+ joseph kony - child kidnapper warlord prophet ok nigga talking bout luck but did n't mention g2 at all where we killed y' all by 20 is that luck ?
at our worst we still took you fags to 2ot lol you lose in 5 bitch
raindrawp drawp top i look like a faggot in a crop top
so let me get this straight google youtube facebook and msm are targeting free speech in the name of fakenews to protect a sleezy pizza place but they are okay shutting down a bakery who chooses not to make a cake for a gay wedding i smell guilt
all the joys islam is bringing to us
sneaky hoes http://t.co/ypqpmdpfgg
i had to ride a bus downtown in the mid 70s , to take the test for my ham radio license .
dan sullivan needs to read the constitution again .
the supreme court has upheld the ability of the president to wage limited attacks in times of imminent threats .
also the war powers act allows for 30 days of conflict before requiring a congressional consent .
that is still the law as passed by congress until they change it .
guys i 'm at a school play and one of my friends looks so hot but he 's a boy and also gay this is .
a crisis
i like to combine my wit with pith and leave the hoi polloi to sort them out !
when you 've been waiting on your taxes to get a new ring , finally get them back and the ring is out of stock & # 128517 ;
trans guy here , i can relate to it .
i do n't have much advice but your feelings are 100 % valid and many people relate .
if you would like some humor for it , r / egg_irl and r / tra are both good subs , that 's how i cope with my own .
wishing the best for you .
miller screwed up toronto then moved on to wwf to scam money out of people with fear mongering .
just like green peace
broke jews control the world woke russia is funding the alt right and jared taylor richard spencer and generation identity are foot soldiers for a global russian nazi movement boomerlivesdontmatter
< user > heterosexuals are on the same spectrum of homosexuals and engage women in the same way homos engage each other you are all so very queer if a het guy feels violent towards some mo he should consider necking himself
man - teases woman about pooping this entire subreddit - wow your a fucking asshole , no woman should have to deal with a pig like you .
canada refugee board abruptly changes its scheduling system amid surging backlog
are you the nazi faggot with the feminine boobs
everyone is welcome to celebrate how far we 've come in terms of accepting marginalized groups .
whether you 're part of one or not , bring your positive vibes and we 'll have a blast together .
^^^inb4 ^^^police ^^^in ^^^uniform ^^^comment
the negotiating tactics are mildly interesting but at the end of the day , canada and mexico will get in line .
supreme leader trudeau will claim a great victory and add to his photo collection that 's all he really wants .
say what you want about pedophiles , but they drive the slowest through school zones .
no it actually does bc most ppl are so tired of liberalism that they blindly backlash in weird ways so they hate globalists which makes them isolationists which is retarded or they hate multiculturalism which makes them into white nationalists most ppl are not that smart
my doctor told me i should stay as far away as possible from trans fats i ' m going to miss tumblr .
i think they really should be deported cause of their hatred for caucasians .
what do transgender people and pedophiles have in common ?
they are stuck in the wrong body .
you stupid motherfucking dick just why do nt you over dribble your ass and get the fuck out of the club you fucking faggot < user >
@repmarkwalker white men telling black women they do n't love america .
i heard rep omar say she loved this country very much .
you all did the same to michelle obama , said she did n't love america , and trump was the father of birtherism , message is clear ; you do n't belong here , you are " other " 🛑 !
if i ever have a transgender kid they can use whatever bathroom they want .. ... at the adoption center .
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
sexual liberation ≠fucking everybody promiscuity / indiscriminate sexual behavior = fucking everybody
do you really need to eat that ?
i only belittle efforts that do n't produce tangible results .
because they do n't produce tangible results .
< user > < user > < user > < user > unfortunately in reality that was not the case ppl are still nursing old wounds and anger partition and the violence did not help at all kings always fought wars but they never destroyed places of worship or centers of learning it was always different with muslim invasion
@spittenseeds94 @bergenprestin @coleinpoole @friars_blake yeah i would n't reply either you fucking cum dumpster , stay getting dicks dragged across your forehead
the bctf is one of the most militant left wing unions and could n't even settle when the ndp is in power .
yes education funding matters , but with enrolment declining , funding does not need to increase .
mostly to harris .
some people will only see a woman of color , and i think it 's good to have two young , strong women of color that will push each other and draw out contrasts based on ideas
digging it .
who makes the madras shirt ?
grab 'em by the pussy mah boi
matt healy is homophobic and racist and i don ’ t want to hear anyone say otherwise
the perkins loan program , formerly the national defense student loan program was established in 1958 and the stories of those who benefitted form the then 3 % student loan interest level are historic .
mostly used for those going in to the profession of teaching , they had their doors of opportunity opened .
over the many year the loan interest remained low and rose to a 5 % level but with such benefits as teaching in low income areas would provide offsets for the payment of the loan .
that program ws manageable and operated at the offices of financial aid .
it was a revolving fund and worked well , and default rates were again guarded well by the colleges .
yes , the economy has changed   but the concept of student aid managed by the institution always worked well and reviews were conducted by the feds to ensure the same .
all concerned need to look at the continuation of this perkins loan program for indeed it " did make a diffenrce . "
i know , for i was one of the aid officers .
rt @rickygervais : humans are genetically closer to chimps than chimps are to gorillas .
but we are all apes .
have a great day you clever twe&#8230 ;
she needs to be fucked hard in the ass
are y' all part of the lgbt community ?
rt for yes like for no
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
" @dcaptainclutch you know niggas love to act fake outraged anytime a girl they think is " " ho " " accomplishes anything "
wow you 're lucky !
ever do cuckold ?
what are you a muslim do you want women to walk around with a tent over themselves to protect your fragile masculinity from arousal
i ve never understood it everty moslem should have been expelled by < number > < number >
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
< user > what type of muslims are these funded by the hateful saudi wahabi govt
shut your faggot ass up .
you know damn well how that stigma is nowhere near the same level as it is with reversed roles .
this fake outrage y' all perpetrating is played out .
he 's a douchebag , but you 're just sounding like a straight up bitch .
mohammed deep throats like a back alley whore
do you know the difference between having a beer and getting drunk ?
some people ca n't do one without it turning into the other , but many of us can .
askreddit will downvote you for questioning why feminists gave the concept of " toxic masculinity " such a sexist , accusatory name .
i ve had transgender thoughts my whole life and am considering transitioning , so i 'm curious if life will be harder than it is as a short white male .. i 've been made fun of my whole life for being short , i struggle in interviews and dating is really hard .. at least trans people have a community , and i live in portland where it 's more accepting .. that 's why i asked the question
and just as addicting too !
coworker of mine started a conversation with them with " i 'm a supporter of lgbt people but ... " and i was so worried for the girls
missouri tortures women who need an abortion .
let 's just call them what they are , vagina envy terrorists !
i say , any male who votes for this must be castrated .
end the insanity !
url
thanks i ' am 31 y old , and it 's too old for a military career in france .
i was soldier in a fighting unity during two years ( sapper ) .
that is < number > thing every kike lacks integrity
dude financing and literally taking all their gold teeth and confiscating all their bank funds is not the same thing ok how about you research jews scheming for < number > fucking years kicked out of < number > countries < number > times for being around the corner yeah
rt @lesxo _ : ca nt turn a hoe into a husband either
in the united kingdom , in the most recent year for which we have data ( 2011 ) , the gun death rate from all causes was 0.23 per 100,000 .
that works out to about 145 in 2011 .
the us has approximately 5 times the population of the uk , therefore you could legitimately expect , as a similarly developed country with vaguely similar socio - economic beliefs , the us would have a total number of gun deaths of around 700 to 800 .
that is if your argument is that the proliferation of guns in the us has little or no impact on the number or gun deaths .
there were 33,636 gun deaths in the us in 2014 

 if you argument is that in the uk they use other weapons knives etc that is not true either the us also has a higher murder rate with all other methods .
if your argument is against muslim insurgents , in the last 10 years for every 367 gun deaths 1 was attributable to a muslim , more were attributable to toddlers under 3 years old .
you guys just like guns and the nra and co. like your money .
radio news report this morning referenced “ law abiding illegal immigrants ” unbelievable you can ’ t make this stuff up journalism is dead
where this notion of white privilege goes off the rails and moves into dangerous terrain is when it is used as an excuse to introduce the fix for the new lament of the socialist for " equity " .
this smacks of a return to failed communist attempts to artificially level some playing field according to a do - gooder 's whim .
this usually causes more problems for both the recipient who is maligned and those who are made the new discriminated class .
the very notion of the phrase white privilege stifles all debate and to challenge the notion makes one a defacto bigot .
the newest members of the white privilege club now include asians so take that for what it is worth .
pretty much anyone who excels in school better look out .
the fact that white males are doing comparatively poorly compared to other groups academically will not be examined at all .
the fact that adult white males make up the highest group to die by suicide ?
white privilege
my dog literally got out of my backyard , and got hit by a car .
they did n't even fucking stop .
who the fuck does that
gee that 's terrible .
men are everywhere so how can she ever expect to work at all ? .
let her find one man   who will do the work so she can stay at home .
or tell her to work in a lesbian managed restaurant .
she will still get grabbed and groped , but not by men .
[ normies&amp;incels ] what are your goals / ambitions and why ?
yeah .
they could have had a moderate .
now with hillary 's probable win she 's certain to get at least two with the strong likelihood of ginsbergs retirement .
where does that leave you spooner ?
why do i need to verify my bank account when i do a bancontact transaction ?
i suppose it should be done only for sepa transfer ?
@litebiteu
women really be minding their business and trash ass men got ta ruin everything .
this is disgusting   i hope someone finds him and chops his dick off and feed it to him .
url
yeah who knows maybe or he s just mentally retarded
shoutout to the time when someone forked # ggautoblocker , made changes , and gamergate thought i did it because they did n't understand github .
windfall by error , please school districts do not fall into temptation to spend this .
put it into rainey day reserve .
you are gon na need it .
settlement and its naturalization then condi tioned the emergence of modern queer formations including their inheritance and sustaining of colonial biopolitics in the form of settler homonationalism
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
why do i need to verify my bank account when i do a bancontact transaction ?
i suppose it should be done only for sepa transfer ?
@litebiteu
as a white male , let me be the first to apologize for breathing .
i 'm cool with it , i do n't mind .
but if that person tries to make a conversation about me & amp ; asking bout my life , u as a friend should end ( c )
rt @brijhaeee _ _ _ : i started giving up on myself & amp ; that 's where i fucked up at
what i have learned from talking to the rabid trump supporters is that they believe whatever trump says , regardless of any factual basis .
trump supporters believe that muslims were celebrating in the streets of new jersey during the 9/11 attacks , they believe that it is constitutionally correct to specifically discriminate against muslims , and that all immigrants are to blame for our problems here in america .
trump supporters as a whole are angry white people looking to blame the government for their failures in life .
most trump supporters appear to have a very limited understanding of the basics of government , and they are happy to   support a vulgar man who acts like a 12 - year - old boy .
when is the last time a billionaire did you any favors ?
< user > < user > are not you supposed to be in prison getting raped in the shower mickey creepy porn lawyer
i do n't have a watertight solution but it has to be done or as pnoonna12 points out , there will be societal collapse .
the only other end game that i can see without government action is totalitarian rule as in north korea but from the right instead of the left .
the only possible solutions involve international cooperation between governments which is not going to happen .
sadly , the world is probably headed for a meltdown .
do n't pass me the aux cord & # 128514 ; my playlist is so bipolar .
imma have u feeling like a savage then in your feelings to feeling in love
i know history i know brother wars my family has fought brits and yankees i am over it only a kike would gloat over the deaths of whites i hope you are gang raped by a pack of abos
kju thanks djt for the publicity ... next stop on the runaway trump train , the winter olympics .
tell me how bad do you want me cause i do n't know if i should stay or if i should leave , cause i 'm torn & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128514 ;
the holocaust is widely believed even by nazis like me gasing jews or napalming vietnamese lacks knightlyhood i e is detestful
< user > fuck you and your anti white blood libel
translation how can you tell that a muslim is lying to you
@tomilahren i hope there never comes a time when you procreate .
if you do , i hope your children never face the shitty society you seem to want .
@space_chihuahua @isabeloakeshott @jeremy_hunt so if the baby 's a wrong ' un .
kill it ... ?
is that a good choice .
religion aside .
is that the right thing to do ?
killing babies is deeply wrong .
i 'm kicking against this " yay ... women 's rights ... ! "
attitude .
i fear its got similar to the pre - abortion - give it up for adoption rule .
so ebube left me issokay his shoes will get missing
my favorite is when the guy who almost gets kicked off plane / arrested for refusing to check his oversized carry - on quotes james at the staff
' if you say anything wrong you are islamophobic , homophobic ' .... you forgot anti - semitic - we are clearly not allowed to criticise -zionist crimes which are legion .
i avoid it shithole thanks to illegals they have pretty much forced blacks from there due to racial violence
so you learn love in jail and fuck everyone you come across a jesus 's preacher who wants you to do as he says and on top of that his special too .... i did n't lose the battle but i lost some love .
that 's what happened but not my fault that with greater knowledge comes with god ...
i think mr. chin is making an attempt at grabbing the spotlight for himself and the democratic party but it 's a big mistake by upsetting the ' man ' and party in control .
either that or his ego exceeds his bounds .
there will be repercussions and hawaii residents will be the victims of a ' fools folly ' .
why are there so many male rapists out there ?
because the females do n’t have the balls to do it themselves .
source tells utt training video for super bowl security tms shows white females as suspicious persons somali muslim as pass holder with access to secured areas when u believe islam is not the problem this is what u get shariakills maga banislam bansharia < user >
the bottom line is that reputations are being tarnished without proof beyond a reasonable doubt , and in this country of all places we should never presume guilt without unquestionable evidence proving such .
furthermore , tramadol is wrongly being treated as if it 's equivalent to anabolic steroids , growth hormones , blood doping , or any other true method of illicit performance enhancement .
there 's a reason for why the world anti - doping agency does n't ban tramadol , and quite frankly we all need to ask ourselves what truly constitutes a ped .
will we soon consider all nsaids to be peds ?
is an injured athlete on legitimagely adminstered pain meds somehow at a distinct advantage against uninjured athletes ?
pain medication can sometimes allow one to function better while injured versus how they 'd function without it while injured , but they 're still not going to function better than they would without an injury , nor are they going to function better than another athlete who is n't injured .
judge by color or i am so not ` ` hip '' ?
what difference does it make to injured and dead , whether the mad violence is wrought by name of totalitarianism or liberty or # democracy ?
this reminds me of do not feed the birds signs .... some actually think it will make birds quit hanging out in the parking lot .
they roost on that sign .
they find stuff to eat anyway .
panhandlers on street corners are unattractive reminders of what 's wrong with this country .
but banning panhandling is not going to eliminate the visible homeless that make comfortable people feel guilty and angry .
vote for more micro - housing projects and micro - jobs to go with .
the road from outsiderdom is paved with both good intentions , but people are still standing on its corners with signs about god bless and can ya spare a buck ?
a grand jury for dui / vehicular assault charges ?
most are just charged by the arresting officers .
and does this mean law enforcement no longer knows where roland is ?
skipped town before he was charged ?
someone should have been there to arrest him as soon as he got out of the hospital .
slipped through the cracks of apd and the da 's office ?
i would be a little unhappy if i was one of the injured victims .
i sure hope the donald does n't collude to go shirtless too !
yikes
not all men look at women with lust some look at children .
please join the # istandwithzakzaky twitter storm today by 4 pm ( nigerian time ) .
this is a trend against the recent " proscription " of the islamic movement in nigeria .
share widely   thank you @adeyanjudeji @tutsy22 @knewkeed @abdulmahmud01 @austynzogs @segalink url
niggas is faggots 😂 😭 slime
damn y' all ca n't cook ?
but a nigga got ta be a tire mechanic and a plumber ?
lol url
the passing of an era .
rip .
he does n't ever know wtf to say out his mouth joe & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128530 ; stupid ass nigga
unexamined assumptions about one group of people or another are very often fraught with witless nonsense .
some might blather on about what gay men like to do , or are suited to do .
then along comes alan turing who helps to create the discipline of modern computing science , and helps wins the war against nazi germany .
others might blather on about what women like to do , or are suited to do .
then along comes ada lovelace .
and grace hopper .
and marlyn meltzer , betty holberton , kathleen antonelli , ruth teitelbaum , jean bartik , frances spence , adele goldstine , adele goldberg , and ... and ... and ... 

 surprise !
humans exceed , and fall short of our expectation all the time .
here 's my own very , very biased little judgement : 

 i took one look at a public image of mr. james damore and all i saw was a 20 - something who ca n't get a date .
' nuff said .
my bad .
i can admit .
can mr. damore ?
< user > o mere pseudo liberal there is diff between refugee and illegal immigrant
yeah , holy shit .
seems like he gets pissed off if his tinder date wo n't fuck him 5 mins after showing up to his place .
this guy wreaks of creep with a possible touch of incel
say what you want about pedophiles , but they drive the slowest through school zones .
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
i fucking hate you i hope i m clean from this mess as soon as possible or else i m gon na drag you down with me
transculters : a great bunch of lads who just want to smash your head in with a baseball bat and make you choke on their " girl dicks " .
url
4chan wants people to start saying " i guess if we have to have women politicians at least it 's better if they 're not real women ” 
 make popcorn and spread the word .
synthetic carpet materials .
@soledadobrien says the racist who sees race as a part of every issue .
and belittle blacks who have had the courage to " leave the plantation " you want to keep them on , who actually understand and appreciate trump , is racist in itself .
still not werds nigga you south afreekan too see i fig u for a retarded azz adherent this is amazing how ice block
is not malte muslim too sickening tweets
texas thunder you found your fuckin dick faggot
did you know that using bitchute exposes your ip address prior to my public disclosure ?
he forgot to add to the end , " on top of your x+1 crotch goblins from x different soyboy mangina cucks . "
and our muslim puppet global elitist traitor governments keep importing these savages because they need an excuse to declare martial law if you think i am joking i remind you that martial law was declared in ma after the boston marathon bombing by muslim immigrants
we sure are required to have auto insurance .
i do believe it is illegal to drive without it .
many do , but they are liable ( at least in theory ) if they need coverage and do n't have it .
when did our vehicles become more important than us ?
insure your driving , but not your health care ? ? ?
single payor will solve most of the problems .
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
pfd is government spending .
so you want to cut spending but it does n't count if it 's money in your pocket .
good luck with the irs .
i do n't get it .
i hear all the criticism about the bad decision to build it .
now when governor brown proposes to close it - you criticize her .
i do n't get it .
the left is nothing but a tool for the elimination of white identity so identity politics are now the only politics for whites that matter maga altright
ah sd , do i see elitism hiding here ?
trump supporters are stupid and gullible and believe fake news while liberals see the truth ?
this kind of thinking is beneath you .
when i look at what passed for news regarding trump with virtually all the liberal media pumping out nonsense about how unstable , lecherous , and outright stupid he is , i see another kind of fake news .
most of us trump supporters do not believe " joan rivers was killed for outing obama as gay and michelle as a transgender man " -like stories .
but there are common - sense - deprived people all across the political spectrum .
to suggest that more of them support trump requires substantiation that is lacking - at least if you live up to your name .
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
there could be an alternative option .
she might have a dick
you and diverdave are like two peas in a pod .
ol bill could get desperate and offing hillary is his best option give the nasty old commie bitch a nail gun lobotomy
you need dicks to fuck the assholes otherwise they just shit all over everything .
sexy wish i could fuck that ass .
wanna snap eachother and get off
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
@gaywonk dude , just stfu .
you are the pathetic faggot who is trying to ruin a mans career .
fuck your feelings and your faggot lifestyle .
should stick to sucking cock rather than running your mouth .
we must understand this for what it is ... a form of social coercion .
it is forcing muslim children to join in a group to distinguish themselves from the infidels .
what muslim child is going to tell their parents or their imam that they do n't want to join ?
freedom of religion also means freedom from religion ... there must be someplace in a secular society for a child to be free from religion and develop their own conscience .
greatest hope for mankind is to reach out to muslims who have not yet been enlisted to violence
oh , god !
another southern christian taliban .
the south keeps breading these bigots , ignorant and pathetic people .
they are all human garbage , fanatical zombies , just like the talibans .
then ur gay
as a student of trump university , i am confused because the curriculum taught : 
 trump maxim xv :   never accept blame for your failures .
always be prepared to blame others for your shortcomings .
as a corollary , never apologize for any statement or action .
remember : it is never your fault .
this going for poc or what ?
look who introduced theresa may to phillip may always a connection as to why paki muslims have raped with impunity g4s protects the grooming gangs that why tommy robinson has been imprisoned always a link
bitch i 'm michael jackson dangerous , i got yes julz in my bracelet .
damn i wish it was that easy new laundry detergent it will turn a nigger into an asian in < number > seconds flat
" nfl owners , fire your players for not standing up during the national anthem ! "
hhs secretary , ripping off the us government ? . . . "
well , i 'm not happy about that . . .
we 'll see . . . "
lucky for price he 's not a black man , and only a larcenous sob , eh ?
otherwise , " fired ! "
aboriginals 4 % of pop .
the un undoubtedly found more than a few thousand having their human rights denied out of 1.5 million people .
dangerous place for muslims- read news paper of 8 weeks ago .
hate crimes :      http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/cracks-in-the-narrative-confronting-the-harsh-truths-of-racism-in-canada/article32070545/ 

 aboriginal men make up 25 % of prison population - stats canada 

 and i would call 8 lives lost in an assault in a mosque to no lives lost in america more dangerous .
you 're too nasty to continue with civil replies .
radiation clouds drift east .
she know she my dawg she said if any bitch try to hurt u i ’ m beating her ass 😭 😭
woman : caitlin jenner is so beautiful !
man : well , it 's a good thing you look just like her !
woman : * offended *
my comment keeps getting censored so i will try and make it politically correct for the snowflakes out there .
when i look at these criminals i have a picture in my head involving a sweaty 300 lb convicted murderer and the sounds of whimpering .
whimpering day after day after day after year after year ...... now lets see if the pc censors approve of this comment ?
the automated machines are a joke .
if your name is longer than a certain number of characters , the machines reject your ticket and tell you to check in with an agent .
the president decides if she faces action its just going to make liberals look retarded and expose more corrupt establishment
david strah shares his experiences raising a trans son on latest episode of daddy square - time for families url url
in case you have n't been paying attention , we and other countries have tried talking with the no .
koreans for something like 20 yrs . ,
give or take .
what has been the result ?
more no .
korean missile launches and nuclear bomb tests .
some good talking with them .
missile defense is not perfect , but at least with an operational facility / capability , there 's a fighting chance that an incoming can be neutralized .
some chance of a successful intercept is certainly better than no defense .
anybody on here a big survivor fanatic richard hatch and rudy still cracks me up especially rudy i always loved and enjoyed him when he was on survivor # survivor1
damn , that lefty city must stink .
sweaty feminists wiping under their pendulous breasts with old ariana grande t - shirts .
obama 's favorites drenched in every alley , offering sweet release to democrat politicians .
michael obamas skipping through the hallways , their make - up running , their flapping naughties dripping onto the carpet .
robert de niro shadow - boxing in a phone booth .
the cuomos eating raw hot dogs in their tighty whiteys .
aoc cooking .
x - post /r / funny - men have no reproductive rights , lol
1/2@bandq terrible customer service in your leicester devonshire road store today !
went to collect my order to be given the wrong item
i never would have guessed you were a closeted gay male based on that jacket you 're wearing .. or maybe this is just a really good disguise after all .
i am laughing at burundi na tunaplay na waharabu kesho we prolly gon na get our cheeks clapped properly lmao
opiate dependence is a disease of reward deficiency .
dysfunction of the brain reward circuits # opiatedependence # addiction # heroinepidemic
< user > it actually country but ghetto stole it
on behalf of the majority # popularvote in america that did n't vote 4 @realdonaldtrump plz accept our apologies @un @usbotschaft @gerardaraud
till they get cucked by russia cutting off the gas supply and the us telling them to fuck off if they think they 'll keep being their army if they keep insulting them
ah yes , an incel in the wild .
i may not have a girlfriend but i do n't beg women to " hang out " with me .
" ...   distributed generation has the potential to democratize the electricity business .. " 

 ok - well - in the usa we now have trump and in ontario we have the liberal boondogle and incompetent green energy implementation .
so what could possibly go wrong with a democratized grid ? ? ? !
lefties will claim the headline is the problem not the violent immigrants ausfam auspol ausfam auspol ausfam auspol australia
http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/27/politics/trump-clinton-debate-patti-solis-doyle-birther-obama/ 
 it 's not youtube but it will have to do .
< user > lmfao i ’ m a bitch now lmaoo i ’ m weak go off sis
so excited for the latest series of @rupaulsdragrace .
love all the contestants​ so far .
minus trinity .
really not feeling her & # 128567 ;
stoked for civil war part deux redneck revenge this week
if you are more worried about trump prosecuting hillary than you are about him fixing the mess the retarded kenyan left you are doing it wrong
cutting edge spic internet bantz
< user > < user > nigga called him gay for being athletic lmfao
i m guessing that the first thing a white muslim terrorist man would do is throw this thing off a very tall building
an offender committed a heinous act against a women .
this was many years ago .
the offender " became rehabilitated " and had " turned into a nice guy . "
he said and did all the right things and became eligible for parole .
the judge agreed that he had turned his life around .
he was going to grant him parole until he met with the victim .
the judge told the offender he would grant him parole when his victim recovered .
to grant him parole while the victim still suffered is not justice .
so ,   ingrid , your post is nothing but fluffy baloney .
if the roles were reversed and a black man assaulted a white woman , the police would not have stopped looking for him until they at least arrested a black man .
he would n't have to be the guilty one .
it would be a surprise if he survived the arrest .
when will the majority of white people admit the role of race in our society at large and in our criminal justice system in particular ?
you make zero sense 
 but you applaud trump 
 so i get it
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
we 've had debates in parliament about the access hollywood tape , president trump 's travel ban , the charlotesville incident & the las vegas shooting , but trump tweeting britain first ' is getting involved in our politics ... '
there 's a reason why there 's a disproportionate # of canadians on this list , taxes are too high !
justine is also creating a debt bomb borrowing tens of billions creating an unsustainable scenario , the money is being wasted on such a grand scale and used almost exclusively to buy lieberal votes .
canada 's 1 % is laughably small compared to the us and other g7 countries because the tax burden is so high .
yes the sjw will trot out sweden and norway as an excuse but they are free to move there , because it 's a stupid comparison , we compete in north america with our neighbours down south , what the swedes pay is irrelevant and impractical , nothing more that material for a protest sign for the next ' free speech ' rally at ryerson or dalhousie .
the irony is that the public sector employee is now the 1 % , but it 's all unsustainable , we saw it in greece and venezuela where the state overtaxes and borrows wildly to hand out goodies to buy votes .
ironically the most at risk are the sjws .
she is stupid and we need to deport her
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
k5bl live weather mckinney texas usa ... 01:00 am temperature 60.1of humidity 69 pct % wind 0.0 mph n%
you know religion is the original conspiracy , it was invented for greater control of a broader spectrum of people , it was the next logical step for a post roman civilisation .
we are very clearly made in the image of apes that have lost most of their hair .
jews have alot to answer for including the creation of fake sand nigger religions like christianity islam responsible for genociding millions of white
black person hey tha white moderates shh you are adding fuel to the fire what would rosa do
" chanyeol finally croaked , and he felt like he should cry but no tears are falling . " "
thank you for telling me " " "
whitegenocide rfid jewish controlled media is not news its a bureau of communist indoctrination or hatenews to make people help the jews create the communist nwo where no white person will be spared and the current generation of black people will become slaves again
um when i was young they did n't have a law about tobacco sales to minors
no to broke girlfriends the ghetto
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that he more concerned with managing appearance than any actual substance all picaninny and no spaff very trumpesque
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > yea do you think any of those guys know what race is 😂 😂 😂 you are projecting your obsession with white people onto others
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
lets rush and carve out what 's left of public assets to the profiteers .
i am sure pierre is rolling in his grave at what his son is doing .
by " people sitting on their butts " i assume you must mean all the people who sit in various glass oil company boxes around town moving paper that represents money out of alaska , never to return .
right ?
@aoc you care more about muslim extremists than you care about your fellow americans!you hate jews and love muslim extremists!you're a fucking disgrace!more people are killed by muslim terrorists than by " white supremacists"!good thing you will be thrown out of congress 2020 !
wow the left wing lunatics will completely destroy our economy with bs like this based on what , the fantasy of man changing the climate with carbon , now its expanding to demand all investment , , there is no end to the brain washed ignorance and activist destruction of our society under these nutjobs , , investors will take their money out of canada and our economy will crash ..
have to stop all of these upscale $ 1,000,000 condos which are bringing in foreign investors , forcing locals out of the game .
excellent example is kakaako .... need i say more ... wake up hawaii .
stop these developers from ruining our hawaii .
alabama senate ( 64 % in ): moore 53 % in counties where he got 52 % in 2012 ( running one point ahead of 2012 ) .
is it weird that i do not mind the anti semitism that i have seen on gab use of the word kike never had any weight to me also there only < number > million of us in the world and billions hate us how can we control anything
i fuck on yo hoe and then go home to my bitch
askreddit will downvote you for questioning why feminists gave the concept of " toxic masculinity " such a sexist , accusatory name .
it appears that /r / relationships hates it when men batter women , but when it 's a woman who batters a man and justice is expected , it 's a different story
what 's the only state were being transgender is ok with parents ?
alabama
maybe junior was looking for fundraising tips
it 's double standards !
< repeat > when the hulk goes off into a vicious rage and destroys everything , he 's " incredible . "
but when i do it , i ' m , " an alcoholic . "
fun fact : only respecting women that you 're attracted to is n't respecting women .
we had a thousand people at the matsu caucus !
you really should check your math , mr. kronberg , or your knowledge of the difference between a caucus and a convention .
" " " 1 .
that 's insulting because i hate monkeys , 2 .
you 're a fucking idiot . " " "
daily reminder to normfags : you can go to the gym all you want you 'll never experience life as a 8 + male 
 stop coping , you get nothing but roasties and you have to work and grovel for them , just lol at even leaving the house if you 're not facially a 7 .
< user > jim sonny dykes sounds like a great vacation destination for lesbians we d love to hear more about it sincerely the wnba
check out this hate speech from the christian god : 
 " the lord said to me , " see , i have begun to deliver sihon and his country over to you .
now begin to conquer and possess his land . "
when sihon and all his army came out to meet us in battle at jahaz , the lord our god delivered him over to us and we struck him down , together with his sons and his whole army .
at that time we took all his towns and completely destroyed them -- men , women and children .
we left no survivors ... so the lord our god also gave into our hands og king of bashan and all his army .
we struck them down , leaving no survivors .
at that time we took all his cities .
there was not one of the sixty cities that we did not take from them ... we completely destroyed them as we had done with sihon king of heshbon , destroying every city -- men , women and children ... if a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman , both of them have done what is detestable .
they must be put to death . "
so much for all this equal opportunities bollocks i still have not seen a white guy working in an indian restaurant
you used a capital p , which tells me that i am being accused of being insensitive by very sensitive ( snowflake ) people .
i used a small p to indicate pagans as in non christian , not as in a follower of ? ? ? ?
that is an identifiable group .
the only people who still call others virgins in 2019 are virgins .
go get laid you loser .
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
what a total sexually deviant pos , give her life plus 99yrs ! !
it is not safe to have her free in society , for children or animals !
believers children get raped god sees and does nothing he either powerless malevolent or nonexistent atheist vs faith
have you ever heard about death mask of franco ?
wait so ur tellin me not only is the earth not flat but niggers be on other planets i guess i should not be surprised after learning what ethnic swedes look like i always thought they were hot blondes
ship ' 's hatch cover made into a coffee table in oak with steel suppo ... lot 1068 https://t.co/iktyroadcc https://t.co/wszw26f3vg
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
you 're disgusting , you should just kill yourself you disgusting piece of trash , just stop being a waste of space and end it , ca n't you just be a normal fucking person and keep your dick ?
why would you want to get rid of your dick ?
that 's just retarded and a waste of time and money .
why would you do that ?
just use your asshole you fucking tard .
non of this shit even makes sense just keep your dick and kill yourself
< user > strong words for a white boy to be telling a native american
< user > he was a dirty gay cunt
transgender how could anybody date a transgender person they want you to accept them for who they are when they could n't accept themselfs for who they are .
plus it 's nasty
& # 8220;@candacevon : niggas talk more then bitches these days & # 128530;&#8221 ; # facts
the somalian immigrant worries about his gibs what little amount of worry his puny frontal lobes allow him to have since he is literally unable to think of the future as he assaults the respectable hard working white people whose taxes will pay for his generous gibs
i 'm fucking agnostic you dipshit .
black women are everything man .
soon the season low will be an all time low for the negro felon league negrofelonleague burnthenfl
< user > want to do more than spank that white ass
all those women look like slithering snakes , along with some of those men .
they have zero wisdom and do not have any respect for the almighty god whom they will all kneel before ! ! !
so will this device be able to tell if passengers in the car were using the drivers phone ?
or if the driver pulled over to use their phone ?
i am sure there was not much to it and nothing will help with out costs if the dollar ever improves .
we only get work now due to our terrible dollar .
i do n't have any pride about being white .
mostly just relief .
men are fucking terrible and virtually useless amirite ladies :')
you 're still a fucking loser faggot
mess with the bull you get the fucking horns , asshole , bitch , fucking cunt , whore bag .
bring on the war cause i 'm not backing down for no fucking puto .
😈
the roll back of the health care rights law will negatively impact marginalized communities , especially trans ppl , ppl w. disabilities , ppl living w hiv , etc .
take action now at url # posefx # putpatientsfirst # protecttranshealth url
watch this tall , beefy , and roided bull of an alpha god take this fag 's throat that rightfully belongs to him and turn it into a pussy !
this man the pinnacle of a muscular alpha god !
url
gas all niggers jews the world over presto most if not all racism ends
yeah this is exactly what i mean .
calling nearly half the country a bunch of racist , sexist , homophobic , and transphobic people is not a winning strategy in a democracy which is a literal popularity contest .
> they put mexican children in cages for god 's sake .
all politicians put people of all ages and nationalities in cages .
it 's what governments do .
do you think mexican children were never locked in cages before trump and his band of racists put them there ?
and why do you care so more about them than the american children in cages ?
is it worse that their mexican ?
but you get alot of american white nationalists or nazis claiming to want all non - white descendants out of america but america is not a native white continent or country .
but to reiterate : we do n't all have the same ethnic make up , we do n't all live the same realities , coloured people are not a homogeneous group .
4get sometimes what a hottie mc is , n his natural habitat # talkingdead # thewalkingdead # southland awe ... the look btwn sgm & amp ; mc & # 128546;&#128546;&#128546 ;
but they can plunder the earnings of the fund .. parts of which are supposed to be returned to the corpus as inflation proofing and risk mitigating .
in that way the fund can be weakened severely over time value - wise .
earl is correct sir .
president trump never really wanted to be president , so he colluded with russians to be president , mmmkay .
any former incels here come to find you had unrealistic expectations of relationships ?
fraternity rapers .
if it has penis he is boy , if it has clitoris she is girl .
simple
💔 you are pathetic 👊 🏻 ... after i take your cash i will make your tiny dick the laughing stock of all my girlfriends !
😂 🔥 vanilla girl humiliation 🔥   💕 url url
there is something very sick when a group of male cowards will murder a teenage unarmed female child wake up world before these creatures destroy us all and the planet url
it amazing how the 2 non white in the lower left corner are chanting .... hmmm time to look in the mirror and question where your ancestors are from .
man asks /r / askmen how to handle a stalker , thread is locked due to " brigading " - why ?
that ugly bitch is disgusting , holy shit !
my new bit is saying < number > million jews died in the holocaust and logging off
if we should treat trans men like real women ... then we should be able to hunt furries !
edit : meant to say trans women
imma need y' all to answer this question .
any of the nihgas who follow me fucked a non black woman ? ? ?
< user > serious points for using both hillbilly hell cabal in the same tweet
so , in your rationale , you are suggesting that these people are protesting trump ?
amazingly clueless .
is gamergate finally eating its own tail ?
hi @louis_tomlinson , ur selfless ways and genuine heart never ceases to inspire me , thanks for all that you do .
mind following me ? —
40,551
incels are fucking trash .
i would enjoy decking some of them in the face
if you ’ re a grown fucking adult asking your parents for money you ’ re a shitty human being and i hate your guts
with over 300 million firearms in civilian hands ( one for every man , woman and child ) in the united states , several hundred shooting accidents should be expected .
in a population that large , idiots are bound to exist .
kill all trans people
support white power or earn brown muslim power defendeurope
there are entire countries in africa with an average iq of 70 .
you 'd basically be calling for the genocide of millions of people .
the thing about a gay guy vs a pedophile is that a gay guy is n't inherently a rapist , a pedophile always is .
you can not be an adult having a sex with a kid and have it not be rape .
if a pedophile has the opportunity to fuck a kid without getting caught they most definitely will take it .
you should love bikes , less wear and tear on roads and public transit .
so lower taxes for you .
not bitter .
just speaking the truth about a very bad and dangerously ignorant man .
just read the phrase " feminist agenda " and snorted into my cereal .
yes , let the international conspiracy be unveiled !
" not forgetting its dreadful origin as a white man ’s club that once forbid men of colour to participate " 
 .
no canadian written article about baseball would be complete without an ode to american racism but had you mentioned the christie pits riot it would be a breath of fresh air .
inspired by canadian " swastika clubs " and the swastika association of canada , more than 10,000 citizens at a canadian baseball game , excited by cries of ‘ heil hitler ’ became suddenly a disorderly mob and surged wildly about the park and surrounding streets chasing and beating canadian jews .
ep6 .
i 'm starting to see what clay could 've done wrong ... but maybe it 's nothing .
maybe he is n't at fault at all .. let 's see # 13reasonswhy
two black guys walk into a bar ... they walk up to the bartender , paid their tab and could not have been more courteous
# zumamustfall please mr president , you 've messed up everything what the great leaders in anc did , it is time to call it a day
he did n't shoot up the bar cause of chapo retard .
he hated women so he killed his sister and killed a bunch of other college fags .
snowball 's chance in hades
< user > you ’ re islamphobia is showing and it ai nt it
we know the feeling many criminals in british jails are immigrants but british taxpayers have to pay for them to be there that said isis did not come from europe they are the product of uninvited muslims invading europe they originated from muslim countries
common blacked on get em high
what does a russian " look " like ?
now ! ! !
oil is saying -- set a tax for us on the long term basis --- quite contrary -- to our state constitution --- as usual -- our way - or no way atall --- no matter what the market may do --- lock us in at a rate where    i am safe --- let the government take all of the risks---
if they 're so hungry and just want to brush their teeth they should go back to mexico ... then maybe figure out a way to enter america a legal way , you know much like canadians / most of our european ancestors ?
good she deserved it i have no sympathy for these assholes who are destroying what white men built if these jackasses think 3 rd world men are going to make the world a better place she got her better place
if we all were n't raised to believe feminine = bad i think more men would feel comfortable exploring where they might land on the spectrum too .
i think now more than ever men who would otherwise consider themselves " straight " are seeking other men for shmoozles and i think that 's great .
heteroflexibility is wonderful .
destigmatizing actions , items and behaviours we 've as a society deemed " feminine " can go a long way to helping women and men .
it 's what feminism is all about .
good for men and women .
get your freak on .
that 's words .
much more interesting is the fact , not words , that the obama administration knew for sure about russian meddling in july of 2016 and did absolutely nothing about it .
now there is red flags .
no wonder the liberals are in panic mode .
comey is free to talk now .
more to come i am sure !
that 's not what a real man would do .
they rap about fucking bitches and getting head , he raps about fucking bitches and getting heads
he pleaded guilty to desertion and misbehavior , not " aiding the enemy " .
there 's a definite difference .
for what he pleaded guilty to carries a maximum sentence of life in prison .
.
as far as what the president said , in his position as a presidential candidate , it was irresponsible .
never happen european men have been emasculated by their domineering women such as the swedes may and merkel and they have no weapons
not just thundercunts .
cock juggling thundercunts .
maybe , mr. pitts , we could start with the media not jumping on the trump bandwagon and giving this clown so much free publicity --- if the donald can lie to their faces and be praised for it , what do you think lib - splaining trump is going to do for his base ?
i 'm going to lump you in with cal thomas here , and many others responsible for hijacking our news sources with the name trump --- but listen to you guys !
he 's a strongman !
he 's jesus christ !
he 's the greatest existential threat to ever face the republic !
really ?
he 's a media clown and an entertainer .
people like you have made him into a virtual demigod .
i know , leonard , it sells copy --- your editors probably make you do it .
but you ca n't very well decry the trump phenomenon while riding on its coat - tails
nick name : may begay i m single girls looking for dating relationship .
they could never make me hate you even though what you was doin wasn t tasteful even though you out here lookin so ungrateful i amma keep it movin be classy and graceful
i bet all my money that i have studied more scriptures of more religions than you .
let 's play a round of religious trivial pursuit and see who wins url
idiots : asian are smarter than white people elon musk : really ?
fucking hate big fuck off feelings such shitty little pricks the twats just fucking piss off the stupid gigantic whores leave me alone u twats
want to stop these men ?
do n't kill them ; shoot them with tranquilizers and give them a free sex change operation while they await their sentence .
we 'll see how many mass shootings there are after that . #
trumpsterrorists
# poll illegal migrants should be deported ?
hmm just in < number > military personnel have been reassigned from their white house jobs amid allegations that they had improper contact with foreign women while traveling with president trump on his recent trip to vietnam washington post
faggot so gay dyke no homo
these people , our legislators are giving our oil away and paying the multi - national oil companies to take it .
wake up alaska its not fertilizer for the future it is b.s. man are they laughing in london , dallas and houston at the alaska legislative whores who work for them .
paid for by industry .... we are as stupid now as hammond and egan both predicted as oil takes over the awareness of alaskans .
wake up these are not our legislators they are dumb pawns who work for their " partners " the oil industry they are too uniformed to see what they are doing .... sentencing the next generations of alaskans to clean up the mess ...
if i was n't sick i 'd be at the graveyard chillin ' w/ my niggas
y'all are so fucking worthless and useless .
we do n't give a shit about your meaningless words .
you 're just a sign of cash for us 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ # findom # cuckold # alphacouple url
i hate minorities too
it 's dumb shit like this that makes me miss the days of 360 xbl when no one got banned and everyone was a faggot that also fucked everyones mom while fingerbanging your uncle greg .
i think mrs. clinton skipped over the part in the good book that says , " thou shalt not be venal , corruptible , hypocritical , self serving , and speaketh out of both sides of thy mouth " .
+ dallas   only ignorants support trump , no disrespect .sorry i forgot the racists also .
do jews hate muslims or do they use them is it different with your cult
the daily mail thinks that its incriminating to say nigger
women may have more student debt but they 'll also have the good jobs .
i made ur bitchboi u / ohdeerlordman finally join his brother in hell , where him and all the other us crusaders wait being tortured by demons , soon u will join after u finally drop below 300 pounds u fat fucking pig!!!!oink oink bitch
you would n't know what to do with a pussy even if it smack you in the face and say lick my clit .
url
all the desperation whining by democrats has backfired no one likes sore losers unless you are a freeloader illegal alien or ghetto thug maga speakfreely
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i would have two dollars .
quote : " kevin o’leary is dropping out of the conservative leadership race and endorsing maxime bernier because he says he ca n’t win a general election due to lack of support in quebec . "
thank god for quebec .
now if bernier could drop out maybe one could hope for a reasonable choice .
ahhh deleted your comment because you saw how it made you look , then somehow managed to undelete it .
pretty good for someone who was just claiming she could n't even figure out how to delete an emoji .
still thanks for restoring it - as i said your post itself is an example of why i will not debate you .
shut up lil bitch
i bet @chrisbrown woke up & amp ; rolled over into some bad ass curly headed pxssy this morning & # 128557;&#128557;&#128557 ;
bitches come & amp ; go ya know that
the parking has n't sold out in a while ....
+ ross ion coyle the swing at minorities is his entire point
i have thicker poc porn gifs if u want 🥺
going back in time and killing your own grandfather to escape prosecution shall be a class c felony . #
scifichat
if we send all the negroes to liberia as that negro claimed to desire would you be willing to go run the place for them
@sairasameerarao you are a racist bigot .
move to a country that has no whites then .
why are you here .
do n't start me raging on all the german and swedish students we have here taking places from the country 's native people i can imagine there is quite alot finns in swedens universities though .
russell westbrook fan since 2010 black guys want latinas bro
what sleeps outside in the afternoon and wakes up in pain ?
white people
when did blacks and hispanics and muslims and feminist and queers and gays and transgenders and illegals and jews gain the upper hand law according to them screw that
< user > lmao bitch retarded tryna call us broke bitch you got finessed 😭 😭 😭
i 'd put a bitch in a coffin if that was my sister , he a bitch cuz you never lay a hand in a women no matter how mad you is url
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
a thought for the day : “ cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right . ” —
oprah winfrey
are you just retarded jews have been supporting pedophilia for thousands of years so no wonder the white people jews are friends with are pedophiles so far the majority of people implicate in pizzagate are jews bit they dindu nuffin right
< user > < user > lmao clueless marxists who think jews never convert to christianity total brainlets
free eats on top of 25 but people jammed standing downstairs so we ca n't get on .
but why would you move to make space as long as you 're o.k .
# yesallwomen are unsurprised when men think murder is fair retribution for getting turned down for a date .
zuma is about to embark on a scorched earth policy .
the anc and south africa are totally irrelevant in the dubai move .
it 's grab as much as he can in the next two years and then goodbye , middle finger to us as usual .
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
our police department is in disarray .
our municipal and state governments are in disarray .
our public works projects are in disarray .
the coach is barreling down the street and no is reining the horses in .
in the meantime , taxes keep going up with no visible change in our public services .
the rich in honolulu seem to be so isolated from the realities of the city that surrounds them , " our kakaako " is like a demented cry of the wealthy that they will remain no matter what happens to the rest of us .
amidst all of this chaos , is there any wonder that violent acts are increasing many times over ?
kill them all put them hoes to rest
according to democrats < number > person can ruin the 2 nd amendment but there nothing an illegal immigrant can do to ruin illegal immigration
i hope they get saved / repent !
turn to jesus y'all ! ! !
before its too late !
< user > good one kyle he has depression and it his birthday month reporting you for targeted harassment
fire from the hills , pick up speed and let 's go 
 fire for real , yeah , shoot to kill with no aim 
 head for the hills , yes , eyes on the camp fire glow 
 creep up there like a white mink hiding in snow 
 and out of the black a figure forms 
 a soldier in the sky 
 with a drop of love 
 trying to set you free
this is from a man whose only fame comes from being a sock puppet for an fbi beaurocrat
just a friendly reminder 

 keeping mankind free since december 15 , 1791 

 the second amendment to the constitution of the united states 

 " a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed "
the site from which the above transcript is offers all major hitler speeches and directives for historical reference and has been endorsed earlier .
this would be very close to being acceptable behavior with integrated bathrooms which are the new trend in america .
the only thing the guy did that is close to being offensive is asking for sex , but i wonder how often that occurs in our high schools and the u of o campus ?
i swim at sheldon pool and have many times wondered under the new paradigm coming if a man just simply decided he wanted to " identify " as a woman for a few minutes if he could n't just walk into the women changing room .
better wake up america , this is coming to your children s schools ...
this cold kicking my ass has me whimpering into # nationalpoetrymonth
asian girls sees a chad ... 
 np.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/60q4vb/asian_girls_see_a_body_builder/ 

 suicide fuel right here .. chad privilege much ?
i need to find the same group of people i follow on twitter got ta get my gab internet ghetto a going
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
while shallow and ineffective , the trolls are amusing here .
maybe but what are our elite white men fighting for a nation of blacks asians hispanics muslims jews trannies and faggots
she lusts for the white seed on her taco that basically it
i am not obligated to date a broke nigga mfs try to make you feel bad for having standards
the us should withdraw all funding to countries that burn the us flag and fund terrorism .
that cool keep em coming soy nigger aka ricky best bitch
i have just added treblinka : by carlo mattogno , extermination camp or transit camp ?
how is it that these potentially old , blind and disabled persons continued to receive benefits for possibly up to one year if they were not living in the state ?
i think we should apply to receive the money back from the state they currently live in ..... perhaps texas as inferred by james .
reminds me of those out of state oil and gas companies from texas .
now its perfectly legal for them to collect more in production tax credits than they owe for production taxes .
we current owe them about $ 750 million and the bill keeps getting higher .
which will help us the most ?
throwing some people with issues in jail for " stealing " 50 k or stopping the outrageous oil & gas stealing which will easily exceed $ 1 billion ?
heck , they could all get elected to office and get $ 20 k per diem , trips to the virgin islands , paris or india , attend lavish shows in las vegas with those all import auto industry folks , and of course , open a poet account to keep all that left over " con - paign " cash .
i 'm not going to say i told you so .
however , i will say that you 'll probably see this , and you know my email address if you need help .
guy sounds like a faggot villain , ugly ass snake too tf 😂 😂
morning faggots and men sexualsundays letshavesex findom double dd100 cashfagsuk01 kik sessions < user > findom
fucken nasty bitch
a bunch of incels lining up in submissive manner to worship one woman .
we live in a sick world .
< user > that ’ so ghetto omg lmao this lady is dead she gone beat they ass in heaven
islamists are born from incestuous relationships < number > of incestuous births die from horrendous birth defects the other < number > survive with mush for brains and only have capacity for violence and rape the vilest humans on earth
i can relate to the white boys rage at young women these days back in my day the late 9 0 and early 2 0 0 0 the girls were not really copying ghetto culture it was the white boys and we called them wiggers gross
yeah this is the answer i was expecting .
but surely the best way to normalise it is to bring all populations together .
if straight people feel excluded , an ' us vs them ' mentality grows .
when really , being lgbtqa should be just as normal as being straight .
perhaps a summer festivity anyone can partake in and be celebrated for would help good feelings blossom , even between those who might be narrow - minded or have outdated views .
a muslim in sweden asked for isis donations for < number > years on facebook and his account was not deleted
qatar has the death penalty for homosexual activity but at the same time there are no recorded cases of executions for it which pretty much exemplifies the state of law in the middle east in theory everything is prohibited in reality most things are not
< user > yea both sides need to stop being retarded
why does celebrating diversity do more harm than good ?
went to the gym 
 seeing people 's faces contort in disgust in reaction to mine made me realize i am subhuman trash and that death is my only option .
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
he would have been wise enough to know them by their fruits just like the inquisition had no power over the jews who fled spain without their ill gotten gains from selling white x tian slaves to moslems only jews who pretended to be rich x tians
all them trannys !
most r men , maybe one token female.i would n't waste my time on this shit , scoocer sucks it is the worst sport there is- ! ! ! !
this sub was featured in pewdiepies video 
 look at his latest video on rick and morty timestamp 4.19
it is very easy to criticize white activists if they are doing something stupid like fighting other white activists because they are from a different socialist gang
yess especially when you do n't feel welcome in your own community .
i identify as gay but i 've been with men before so sometimes i honestly worry that i 'll meet someone i really like but who does n't accept me , and that thought is upsetting .
i hope we meet one day thanks for making a little more hopeful every time you smile , love you @linzzmorgan
this sub was featured in pewdiepies video 
 look at his latest video on rick and morty timestamp 4.19
yesterday i witnessed a young , caucasian man running after a black pickup truck and throwing rocks at the truck as it speed away .
when the young man realized that he could n't hit the truck , he pulled out a gun and pointed it at the truck as it continued to speed away .
this is the mentality that now dominates alaska streets ; gun toting lunatics that have no qulams about using a gun on someone .
we 're not talking about law abiding gun owners here , folks , we 're talking about misfits that are hiding out in the open .
leaflet the ghetto claiming it is a free hip hop concert
build a force against the proliferation of counterfeit electrical products and ' direct taste towards genuine electrical products '
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
listen to that bitch as he get his hole rammed .
you can hear his loose empty boipussy popping , crying to be to stretched & filled with a few loads , when he is done stay put bitch many more are queuing to pump their cum in you too & leave it overflowing url
what do you call two mexicans playing basketball ?
juan on juan
< user > reply if you ’ re gay
haha yeah true man .... i mean only a dumb person would trust hain 's words now .
i smell something fishy here about hain
i hate a dick sucking ass bitch
society is sukin on your dick and since i got a pussy i am a bitch
< user > < user > < user > < user > stop the harassment
liberal hypocrisy aside regarding the previous government 's difficulty with this portfolio , in my lifetime , i have never known a military procurement to come under budget .
you 're either a male or female , ya retarded piece of frog eating cunt
as pointed out in comments below , jesus did not seem to follow his own advice .
as in the parable of the prodigal son , for instance , calling his father : ' father ' .
while jesus taught us to call god our ' abba - father ' who art in heaven , we do have to have a biological father before that even begins to make any sense for us .
i wonder what he called joseph ?
tim hortons wifi blocks a voice for men 
  just thought everyone should know .
this man is a fool .
he could be homeless in a year , as almost anyone but the rich people republican shill for could be .
< user > < user > i hate erdogan but you are racist nazi sucker
# vousecoutez # nowplaying donald byrd & amp ; 125th street , n.y.c. - sexy dancer # yurzradio enjoy music from # reims
that 's gay .
u guys suck dick and no one likes your fag assess stupid bitch
yep , nice to see the captain on duty but did he just return from the red planet ?
i have fked many of your likes , ready to give their ass for some money , flatty or fatty whatever .
shutup or next i will piss in your mouth
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
the team of gillberg and adam rose defeats bray wyatt via the phoenix splash in a mud bath at the royal rumble
something hilariously hypocritical is going on , which basically unmasks the fact that this is not about patriotism , but about racism - through the conflation of partriotism and opposition to protests over racial injustice .
so , players have kneeled , players have remained in the lockeroom .
owners have shown up on the field to lock arms with their players .
and while this is going on , while the national anthem is performed , the yahoos in the stands are yelling at the players to stand up .
while the national anthem is being performed .
- not standing deferentially .
- not standing and paying attention to the glory of the flag and anthem .
-yelling orders at black men below them .
. . .
maybe they think that conduct is what patriotism is all about ? ?
@mimi_thesound @politicalkathy mimi , you prove yourself to be a disgrace to sentient beings with such a racist comment .
shame on you .
how is a corporation in play to occupy government land ?
the business of lane county farmers market is to rent space to produce , wine and flower corporations .
those producers do n't even need to be located in lane county .
these entities sell their products in retail stores throughout the area and beyond like whole foods , fred meyer , safeway , kiva .
this is not the old fashioned farmers market .
everything is corporate wholesale / retail now .
the ' feel good ' notion works great but this is hardcore business .
so lcfm corporation want to compete with the saturday market corporation to provide full - time retail with restaurants along with all their current offerings and more .
a return to the old public square is pure marketing to get your buy in .
it would be better called the lcfm retail public square .
the city wants to add lcfm into the public marketing mix to get your approval of millions of dollars of city hall building funds .
@jswannyjohn @beattiengiare you can go fuck yourself because no one else will fuck you
other ethnic groups are allowed to have ethnocentric charter schools paid by taxpayers .
all chicks need is a catheter up their piss hole .
i fully support alaska airlines for this action .
ignoramus hopefully will learn from this , as i hope other men who may be so inclined to act in such a childish manner also learn .
hmmm .... 
 market " fully valued " 
 buy corporate bonds and sell utilities etc ..... 
 goc , treasuries   stink 
 banks fully valued .. 
 oil stuck at $ 50 - 55 
 get out of the tsx to europe , japan etc 

 clearly this guy is completely wrong .... :) : )
what a one sided , uninformed piece of garbage this " article " is .
the white man in the video never made it about race .
he simply asked her to control her child .
only after she started swearing at him like an ill mannered , uncivilised cretin did he lose his temper .
and guess what .
surprise surprise , she pulled the race card !
shouting " is it because i 'm black !
is it because i 'm black ? ! "
no idiot .
it 's because you have no manners and no idea how to instil any in your child .
that 's why .
rebecca davis you missed the important journalism lecture on impartiality and sticking to the facts i see ?
pushing your libtard agenda .
oh fyi many neutral , every day people support this campaign ( you do n't have to be " right winged " to know   the difference between right and wrong   and many many black people on social media agreed that the woman handled the situation equally as bad as the man , if not worse .
trump , like harvey weinstein , is not a " real man " .
trump may be " red blooded " , but so are rats and weasels . "
real men " do n't use their power and wealth to humiliate and sexually abuse their underlings , people who depend on them for a paycheck .
real men do n't turn their backs on 3 million human beings whose lives have been destroyed by a hurricane , when it is the clear duty of that fat - arsed petulant weakling to deliver at least water , food and shelter to them .
real men do n't take food , shelter and medical care from children to reward wealthy and powerful men and women , including our billionaire president himself .
real men do n't divide our nation 's people against each other for political purposes .
and steve johnson of florence , real men think with their brains , not with their gonads .
< user > help i am retarded idk what it mean
< user > < user > gm muslima ladies
thinking about my cousin blue who died in a atv accident back in 2004 his favorite cuss word was bastard face every time i say bastard or type it i think of him love and miss you blue
false beliefs about nonexistent biological differences between black people vs. white is still incredibly prevalent in the medical field .
excellent article exploring how this harms hurt / ill black people & contributes to police & other kinds of violence url
you lose sleep in your white man bed , your head on a white man pillow , under your white man sheets , in your white man house , where you eat white man food , and keep your white man computer , and your white man clothing and white man toilet .
oh how you suffer .
on behalf of the majority # popularvote in america that did n't vote 4 @realdonaldtrump plz accept our apologies @un @usbotschaft @gerardaraud
march of the lesbians
michelle rempel is a terrible , moron of a politician !
too bad she won re - election .
she has a big mouth & often speaks without thinking .
she 's nothing but a political opportunist who is desperate for attention & will do almost anything to get her name in the papers / on television !
she 's playing the reverse sex discrimination card !
this makes her look immature & unprofessional .
do us all a favour ms. rempel .... don't open your lips again unless you need to breathe !
male and female politicians speak like mayor nenshi often , like it or not .
i am a proud canadian male & there are many male and female politicians who i wish would use their brains and think before speaking !
i did not like brian mulroney and i did not like kim campbell .
those two were terrible p.m.'s / ministers !
get the message ms. rempel ? !
i doubt it !
i 'm looking for any white females in the fort hood area to talk to .
i truly believe .... tucker is on the right target ... i wonder when he hits a bullseye
yes you better hurry up and get away from these countries .
find another one to go to .
bye bye .
indeed of course this is also why they are so shocked when the worm turns and angry mobs are constructing gibbets .
you sound like a horrible person .
however , i 've known a number of very successful business men and women who were horrible people .
going it on your own may well be the best option for you in the long run .
just do it smartly and do n't burn any bridges .
good luck !
way to go motherfuckers .
every woman in the us is now " fine " when you ask her .
the states will be set on fire , one by one , accordingly .
we will burn this motherfucker to the ground and not even break a sweat .
fuck you .
< user > kill all those white screens already lol
hey frank if i was nt on the other side of the planet would i do .
61 million of god 's children have been mutilated and killed ... vengeance is mine saith the lord ... url
< user > < user > illegal immigrants aren ’ t americans
hi , thought i 'd drop by and introduce myself , i just wish i 'd found this place earlier = / look forward to chatting to you all , niks .
@noobbuddy the lgbtq+ community is full of pedos .
it 's pathetic how lgbtq+ degenerates are claiming this as a victory and using it to push their nefarious agenda ... instead of celebrating this brilliant man for his genius , they are all making it about how he was a homo .
nice .
me : * changes gender just so i do n't have to leave the video *
attn all : i 'm taking down @randi_ebooks/@gater_ebooks for maintenance tonight for & lt;1hr .
block lists will still function , just not markov .
terror in paris - right now ... luckily it seems there is no fatalities # paristerrorfail - for more info check out paul joseph watsons twatter account .
are we not jumping to conclusions assuming it 's an islamist terrorist attack ?
trump jumped to conclude the gas attack in syria was assad but there is no proof .
in fact it 's likely the same islamist terrorists who are responsible for the gas attack in syria are also responsible for this terrorist attack in sweden , i.e. isis , al qaeda , al nusra .
anyway , who cares about waiting to get all the facts these days .
just jump to whatever conclusion you want .
now of course the towelhead perps will be perps that the police had on their radar and did nothing about
how many sand niggers has putin let into russia how many beaners spics
they do n't need to propose anything ( why are you screaming ) the remaining option is : contributions from private citizens , hopefully limited to a reasonable amount like $ 1500 .
it 's called grassroots politics - your support comes from the people because it has to come from the people .
i also do n't mind the idea of the government funding political parties on a per vote basis - it works about the same , since contributions receive a tax credit and any tax credit comes out of revenues that would have been shared with your neighbour , if you think about it - so a tax credit is taking from your neighbour and i do n't have a problem with that when it 's charity but when it 's politics it seems unfair .
frank and joe both put 5k into general revenue , frank donates $ 1500 to political party gets $ 750 tax credit back , now he only paid $ 4250 into general revenue that has to look after them both .
citation ?
fill in the blank 
 it 's all about the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
" @crazy4comiccon i love that he goes " " unfollow " " & amp ; then proceeds to continue posting on the page . & #
128580 ; "
i 'm the only one that do n't like the get down .
i just do n't have the patience for the main character .
dude mad annoying
further proof that reddit is filled with mentally ill trannies .
a standard attack on conservative males is to claim they have small p3nises , like to wear dresses , ca n't score with women , have s3x with other men ... insults that would be labelled sexist , homophobic and transphobic in any other context .
we need to stop doing this fucking rain dance i swear
i do n't think he said he was expressing the views of the congregation .
mike mclaughlin
reminder you are retarded
i ’ m happy i came up around whites imagine being raised in the ghetto
bernie stands up for all minorities .
more light grey than dark , but impressive for r / jokes
because without a dedicated lane for them , they just hamper all other forms of traffic .
on dedicated lines like spadina or st claire , they are separated and in doing so , permits a more fluid traffic flow .
on streets like queen or king street where the tracks are in bedded in the existing road ,   they tie up traffic and stop every two blocks for passengers .
do n't even have to mention the nightmares they cause when on brakes down .
the offer still stands trigger i carry a large assortment of nooses and blades for your suicide needs < user > triggered faggot maga presidenttrump
girls , stop getting bee tattoos and start doing things to help save the fucking bee population
no , thanks to wally hickel and the statehood act .
america must be great again ... 
 mission accomplished !
here is your dick you ass toasting fuckstick
going back in time and killing your own grandfather to escape prosecution shall be a class c felony . #
scifichat
< number > to fulfill this plan the left is trying to fill the country with the 3 rd world population they are easily moldible into revolutionary lumpen combined with home grown ghetto population they will be a huge striking force
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
hey tim scott , you 're condemnation of all hate groups would be impactful .
why do nt you call all of them what they are instead of picking what suits your voter base best ?
racism is n't just for white people anymore .
so he means to incite violence to a user when he says bring it
ultimate gay felch compilation - pigs lick barebacked ass and suck cum part 1 url
fuck that nigga , fuck his friends & fuck his bitch
' you look like a keeper , can i have your number and see where it goes ' & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; maaaaatee it gets worse # indisguisephysco
note to hilcorp .
the folks that work for the aogcc are really smart .
do n't try and bs these people - treat them with respect .
they are tough but fair and just looking out for alaska 's interests .
ask questions .
lots of questions .
white americans should learn yoga history acknowledge the cultural appropriation they engage in and possibly reduce the cost of yoga classes for poor people a group that often includes people of color and recent immigrants such as indian women to whom this practice rightfully belongs gandhi argued
public hanging short drop let the sand nigger twist in the breeze
i done seen damn near every female nudes on dis hoe unladylike
< user > i noticed in your tweets you talk about race why do not you talk about the murders of channon christian christopher newsome in tenn white kids kidnapped both raped tortured and murdered by < number > blacks and it did nt even make national news what if the races were reversed hypocrite
agreed .
unfortunately , it looks like gov. walker gave us another political crony who will be sending us more business as usual .
no most white men do not rape < number > year old women that department is saved for your compadre beaners and young black males
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
i wanted to make my new black classmate happy so i got him a gift   it was a bar of dark chocolate
bisexual ?
should be ' trysexual ' .
they 'll try anything as long as it feels good , you know ?
it 's like , where does it end ?
just stick to one , either men or women .
one second it 's men , then it 's both , then it 's animals and children .
beyoncé has < number > albums in billboard < number > 😌 see when your the main bitch
dat uppity negro kanye dared speak up he not gon na be a house nigger no more put his black ass in the field after you whip him good the democrats and progressives i love it when they show their true colors so clearly
disability is n't a bad word .
ableism is bad .
disabled people can be talented and joyful like nondisabled people .
do n't participate in ableist inspiration or overcoming narratives , terry .
you 've been learning in public a lot lately , here 's another opportunity to do so .
url
thankfully over 20 % of " working " canadians work in the public sector .
what need financial planning .
they will collect a salary until the day they die .
you 're wrong about the legal cost part .
without legal protection patients have no protection at all .
and legal malpractice rates are so low that most docs do n't even know what they pay .
actually i 'm ftm , but hello my trans sibling !
😁
i remember hearing a talk from irving on that massacre .
we 've gotten through half the superbowl and i have yet to see a commercial about men beating or disenfranchising women 
 might not be a " win " but i 'm not feeling harassed at least
" all these belong in the basket of political contortionism -- intagibility . "
" our people are demanding a stop to balance sheet budgeted for private sector corruption for orange boiler suits . "
? ? ? ? ?
black arabs people made slaves of blacks african first then made slaves of white people who were called white gold worth a lot portuguese took from africa < number > million black slaves to brazil today < number > million africans are slaves to muslim masters so black america grow up
basically you 're arguing that there was no one here , that this land was free for the taking .
it 's sort of sad and strange that you 're basing your thinking on one white man 's interpretation over thousands of indigenous people 's collective history and teachings .
i 'm sorry to burst your little white supremacist bubble bud , but you could not be more wrong and more ignorant .... about everything .
first , indigenous people have peopled this continent for millennia .
their history and civilization predates yours by several thousand years .
and there were millions at first contact .
get it through your thick skull that you and your ilk are not the authority on indigenous people 's existence and never will be .
also , understand that their title and rights still exist today as this land you call canada was never ceded or surrendered .
it matters not what numbers indigenous populations may have dwindled to after european diseases and genocide were introduced .
squatting does not equal ownership .
if you 're a law and order administration , how can you justify cracking down on sanctuary cities to enforce federal immigration law , but look the other way at states that are breaking federal drug laws ?

genders are like the twin towers at first there were two of them , but now it 's a sensitive subject
you were n't already wary of men who do shit like going to planned parenthood rallies ?
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
mccain voted against the aca .
he then vowed to overturn it .
and now at least three times he has voted against measures to abolish it once and for all .
so what does all this mean ?
it means that john mccain is not a good man , he is scum .
he lied to his constituents , he betrayed the trust they put in him .
he is not hero , just another politician who did what all politicians do , lie for votes .
this man has no principles , he never has .
you look like you would suck off a thousand men for attention and still feel alone because of your inferiority complex .
i ’ ve always wanted to beat up a nigga in front of his child so the child can grow up and remember it forever
the only person that looks like a loser is you , idk dr but he seems like a g , you seem like a fuckin chud and a grade a hoser get a life you homophobic virgin chucklefuck , either quit being a bitch and find out how to get quaaludes for yourself or buy methmaqualone or another analogue , you 're an embarrassment to yourself and to humanity
< user > hopefully he ’ okay cause if he kills his self or something i ’ m blaming it on twitch like the shit twitch does is just retarded now
@vamsi krishna so now a transgender can give birth ?
go shoot up a school 💪
while some gender gaps are closing , others stay wide open .
the data we use and how we use it is a powerful force for gender equality . #
sdg5 via @bloomberg url
what is the celebrity term for transgender ?
transjenner
i 'm not a misandrist but in movies men are always shooting people oh wait that is also real life
@yousefalhadda17 the israel soldier are whore son 's big pig heads fuck all israel.long life the philistines brothers .
url
numbers 15:32 - 26 their loving christian god had a man stoned to death for picking up some sticks on the sabbath .
on the other hand ... exodus 21;20 - 21 if you beat your slave , and they do not die ... no problem .
golly , let us all pray to this sick , sadistic god so full of love .
now to answer the question this poor deluded soul asks ; for 2000 years christians have been praying for peace and the return of their jesus , and for 2000 years their god has ignored their prayers .
for 2000 years christians have been convinced their generation was in the last of days , and for 2000 years they have been impeccably wrong ... and when you study history ... today is quite mild compared to the past ... and predictably what this poor soul does n't grasp about their own religion ... the sign of the end is not sin going off the charts ... it 's an apostate church preaching lies in the name of jesus .
holy crap , this is the end times ! ! !
oh wait , the church has always done that , nm .
i hope they never breed
jewish males and queers in general routinely practice coprophagia
is not malte muslim too sickening tweets
all this african gentleman want to do is enrich israel their women are being denied his shalom because israeli government officals hate him because of the colour of his skin
i 'd just ban religion in europe altogether .
useless anyways and the only thing they do is not pay taxes and try to hold society back from advancement
what other foods or substances do we have to introduce gradually to infants to avoid later allergic reactions ?
maybe human beings are not meant to eat peanuts .
there is a danger that this advice means peanut allergic infants will be continuously fed peanuts by parents unawares their child is suffering an allergic reaction each time , potentially causing death .
safest thing is to ban peanuts altogether .
of course the peanut lobby in usa wo n't like that .
too bad for them .
( i know for a fact i ca n't eat peanuts and nuts because i 'm allergic . )
what do you think of the movie 40 year old virgin ?
she included muslim women wearing hijab in this video and it is just amazing ... and also , she made this video in a country where women did n't have the right to drive till not so long ago !
good job rita !
<3
get a load of this guy , what a fucking nigger
here is why your continued path is ridiculous .
you make an assumption that nature and nurture are 50 % equally influenced .
fair enough .
now what if nature were only 1 % of the influence ?
see , i can pull assumptions out of a hat too .
that 's why , until there are specific studies for a specific population group - the question is irrelevant .
even then - the study would not be absolute .
and i go back to the fact that google ( as well as other corporations ) are looking for exceptional talent .
out of that pool of exceptional talent - if they want a goal of 50/50 male to female then that 's all that matters .
it 's when somebody unfairly assumes that a hire was not exceptional and got hired for gender reasons ( or some other reason ) that memo 's like damore 's are poison .
was professor berman so busy that this research could not have been released before the governor acted to take half of the dividend ?
professor berman is a busy man ; he was too busy to help akpirg fight the safeway - carrs merger as its economic expert .
i hope this product was vetted .
sounds about right must suck to be a retard that can not get a real job and to be conscious of that
fascist ... blah blah .
fascism .. blah blah blah .
" while emotionally i agree i ca n't see how in a democratic capitalist country we could do it .
how many canadians own homes in the u.s ? "
this is a red herring .
it has nothing at all to do with " democracy " .
and if the us does n't want to protect ownership of us soil that that is their decision and has nothing - nothing - to do with what we do .
but if the us wanted to copy us that would be just fine by me .
< user > so you are fine with a bunch of muslim men stopping traffic in the middle of a busy new york street to pray to mecca
well justin , unless you can convince the world to be on your side and have them begin imposing substantial carbon tariffs on everything american made , you are sol .
let 's hope that your charismatic personality will be enough to sway public opinion and the leaders of this world to your side .
not to paraphrase your father but i 'll be watching you come 2017 .
jared kushner left some things off his disclosure form — like a company with $ 1 billion in loans 

 con men and grifters .
trump and his whole regime are nothing but criminals .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > most excluded are hindu refugees not economic muslim migrants hindus are killed raped forcibly converted in pakistan and bangladesh entire nrc is a farce
now do one of vox as a moslem woman getting stoned to death
to bad he will never see true justice in a real prison with real inmates .. only then will he reap what he has sown .. one thing i can say is it does n't matter if you hebrew , aryan , hispanic , or other ... that 's the only place where every race agrees ... do n't f%@k with the kids ! ! !
karen lee or alethia , you keep saying she is an expert , she understands and she knows all these things , but she has n't gotten much accomplished except making a lot of promises she has been unable to deliver on or made promises she has gone back on .
for instance , we all know several coastal villages are suffering from the ravages of climate change and many will soon be under water yet only promises have been made to move the people and the villages , no action .
since the feds do n't seem willing to cough up the funds to do this , why has n't lisa gone to her big donors , the oil and coal companies , to fund these moves since they are the cause ?
you keep saying she cares so much , but she has done nothing .
oh , she 's an expert on oil and gas as in how to give our resources away to these multinational companies while alaskans suffer .
and then there was the whole massive screw up on vawa .
she is weak and must be replaced by the only person qualified to do the job for alaskans , margaret stock .
no man should want to see they babymama struggle cuz if struggle yo kids struggle ... fuckin dummy
just man up and put the guns away when you 're going to party .
alcohol , possible drugs , and hyped up senses of masculinity while seeking a girl are bad combos for a party .
what 's wrong with people these days here ?
too many people taking out guns to a weekend fist fight .
where 's your balls ?
take a beating like a man and do n't be pulling hardware to solve your drunken issues .
these are the kind of stories that most of the time come out of india and pakistan .
r they actually retarded
it 's really weird when your representatives refuse to talk to there constituents .
what a chicken sh!t .
you can run , but you ca n't hide .
we will find you , it might be at the airport , it might be at the grocery store , you will confronted .
what a girly man .
would love to fill your pussy from behind them have you turn over so i could lick my cum from your pussy and off your butt hole .
i 've always said that wisdom is the application of understanding.﻿
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
ratko mladic defended his people from moslem jihadist in bosnia he put on trial why are not the saudi who funded the terrorist being bought to justice or bill clinton his side kick tony blair for bombing civilian in serbia
and would it kill one of these fucking cis girls to just once call me a woman ?
is it that hard ?
am i too disgusting ? ?
help me understand ! ! ? ?
.... and that 's why i do n't bother to distinguish between homosexuality and pedophilia .
diversity was never a good thing look at any black run city it is an absolute hell hole and now we have a bunch of uppity niggers trying to penetrate the republican party
niggers in tulsa on video saying fuck the police after a wild nigger mentally ill was killed by cops we do not want or need niggers in america quit using < number > niggers call black lives matter instead of < number > better yet leave america now you worthless pieces of shit
these are the kind of stories that most of the time come out of india and pakistan .
gay communists
there are two types of people in this world male and female
nobody actually cares about having a lot of something if it is not any good people only really care about quality people want the quality produced by white majority countries but it not magic it time and effort unfortunately they are also run by evil pathological megalomaniacs
yeah modern kids especially brown kids would be under the jail pulling this shit .
you were the one concerned about them being unequal .
as far as i 'm concerned they could be protesting about the price of tea in china and i would n't care any less .
what they 're protesting for is irrelevant to the fact that they 're disrespecting the national anthem and all that it stands for .
that 's what i find highly disagreeable .
if they were just protesting on their own time away from the game and away from the national anthem , then i would n't give a rat 's * * * what they do .
you 're not bisexual .
bisexuality does n't exist .
i 'm straight but i totaly understand how hard it would be to come out and try to fit the social standards when your part of the lgbtq+ community
fyi this episode did appear on pbskids.org .
i watched it with my son ; it was pretty cute .
kids live in a world where gay people get married , and that includes parents of their friends , aunts or uncles , and yes , even teachers .
it 's important to show children those relationships in media as a way to help them understand real life .
my aunt 's facebook status : : it 's really bothering me that my [ 4 - yr - old ] boy is obsessed w/ his female cousin 's dora backpack .
commenter : : my son started kissing everyone because we kiss him .
my husband started telling him kissing was for sissies , lol .
my aunt : : that is so funny ! ...
maybe b / c it 's purple , it bothered me .
< user > you are too wonderful of a man to be in the late 1 9 2 0 better the late 1 9 5 0 as wwii would be over men were men women were respectful and loving dressed like ladies conservative women still are and do
offset surrounded by gay niggas .
haha # offserforpridepresident
well it beats the whole hitler was jesus millennial shithead reactionary meme hitler was just as owned by creepy faggots behind the scenes as hussein obama
oy vey we have to help the minorities because they can not achieve anything especially if you know that native americans made peanut butter before jews brought blacks to the us einstein stole relativity from an italian
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
< user > < user > is using his white male privilege racist patriarchy to attack an innocent young black african american male for shame
oh yeah i told you to shut the fuck up and suck me till you finish me up , pussy .
@jthatruth5 nigga is that baby doll on the right ? !
fam smh i 'm done 🤣
i 'm not a misandrist but in movies men are always shooting people oh wait that is also real life
chris .... do not give big gov a foot hold .
once an income tax or any other tax for that matter is instituted it will never go away and will never decrease .
they will always find an excuse regardless to continue the theft and increase it .
until no money exist to run the state then and only then should taxation become an issue .
would you take out loan to buy a car or house when you have enough money in a savings account or other investments ?
most likely the answer is no .
but the state is doing exactly that .
would you in turn take out a mortgage for a home and your finances do not meet the monthly payment ?
the state is by investing in a gas line that has no real future .
the state government is wasteful and will continue to so unless they are brought under control .
we are not their servants and they are not our masters .
we are the masters and they are the servants .
we tell them what do and what we expect .
if they can not do our will .
pink slip their butts .
if anyone does n't like the way i believe then please by all means unfollow me .
i refuse to give up .
i do like the ymca for working out but they have extreme homosexual leanings nearly all the men working there have the flames turned on high
how does the average american democrats feel god will pardon them for abortions queers and little girls bathrooms in accepting isis into our country not to mention the skiing lies the party prevails but then again they might be muslims themselves i do not know
white guy it a witch hunt white guy they are a lynch mob white guy in that country they throw faggots off of rooftops
i voted and voted down the incumbents .
we need new blood in the legislature .
these people did n't lose my vote because they " lost touch " with me ; they lost my vote because they were never in touch with the fact they had a job to do and failed to do it .
do n't worry , be happy !
ss will be funded fine .
just imagine a bunch of pissed off old people in the streets picketing .
but , we will have to do a change for the kids just starting to work .
maybe raising ss to say 65 for the first level .
it 's amazing how much money for programs exists when the economy is going gangbusters .
sounds like someone needs a sling shot .
> i should slap this guy so hard , hold me back broooo so much for the tolerant left
yas bitch hit that synthesizer and bass
roll that weed bitch 
 shake that ass hoe
haha , love that fag 's empty stare .
dumb , willing , obeying .
fuck his throat and make him choke , man .
url
< user > news flash yes you can sure white people do not have to deal with systematic racism and have it way easier than other groups i am not gon na deny that but just like everyone else there still stereotypes they have to deal with all white people are racist for example
no .
alaskans and alaska ’s thousands of small businesses statewide who depend on the annual permanent fund dividends for their livelihoods are not expected to pay for the unsustainable growth in state government that gov. walker and this legislature have failed to control .
let ’s take a cue from our u.s. senators , murkowski and sullivan .
let ’s wait for the next legislature to be in place before any further action .
if that gop tactic is good enough for the us senate to delay confirmation on judicial appointments until the november election , then it 's good enough for this legislature to delay action on gov. walker ’s hell - bent strategy to raid of our permanent fund and pick our pockets until next year 's legislative session .
fuck no jews never work for anybody they consider blacks to be the lowest form of human but you are and have always been the perfect ignorant pawn in their game blacks already hit their ath of qol only down hill from here good luck
they could not have monitored anything in the area of the golan heights given the technology of the time .
the ships actual noted position at the time of the initial attack was 25 nm nw of al - arish .
the ship was also ordered to maintain a distance of at least 100 nm from the sinai on the 5th , which they did not receive due to communication difficulties until a couple of hours after the attack ended .
i have looked at a lot of different reporting and the numbers of egyptian pow 's killed vary from 13 to up to 300 in the vicinity of al - arish with the remainder in other parts of the sinai , with totals ranging from 500 to 1000 throughout the sinai area of battle .
although , i agree that there is no justification for the murder of prisoners .
war is not a nice endeavor .
the israeli assault on june 9th was in retaliation for the syrian attack across the golan heights on june 5th .
keep up the good words my friend , i really enjoy some of your responses to somewhat dubious remarks .
can not really compare seasoned battlefield sand niggers who will die for their cause to soy fed scrawny little clerk boy they tortured weev they most certainly completely fucked mannings mind
< user > i m from the uk and i do < number > so am i american now if so call trump and say another muslim is coming
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
ca n't talk w / males , ca n't grasp anything more complicated than a video game .
@dylan_vadnais24 ca n't talk sports with females .. call me sexist
< user > we counting women too
one man 's opinion is another man 's toilet paper .
paul bedard = f-
this bitch is a terrible fucking person .
i will do arenas one day .
well at least that s my goal .
i am so thankful for everything i have .
i ve never been this happy . & #
128522 ;
daily reminder that even nerdy girls want chad 
 and not your ugly , fat or skinny , socially awkward , shy and autistic nerd ass .
3 ) whenever a ruler wants to get rid of a specific group , the first move is to make something unique about them illegal .
just look at 1930 's germany .
this is what they are doing to central americans .
mind you , the russians , haitians , azerbaijanis , etc are all being let in to
as the old saying went , at least in the navy , an ensign crawled around the floor and drooled everywhere , a lt .
walked upright and grunted , could leap tall tonka trucks in a running leap , a captain could run faster than a tricycle , could leap a kitchen chair , also with a running start and advise those above him on topics to talk to god about .
then there is an admiral , running faster than any congressman and able to leap a couch with only one step and talks to god .
then there is the e-7 or chief petty officer , he is god .
nigga started crip walking on her ass tho 😭 😭 url
lemme suck them and then fuck them .
jealous insecure liberal men .... at least the few who are n't gay .
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
correction please share sunday june < number > one < number > pm freetommyrobinson demonstration embassy of the united kingdom washington d.c .
< number > massachusetts avenue nw the anti freespeech sentence of < number > months is a deathsentence for tommyrobinson who most certainly will be killed by muslim inmates freetommy
they all look amazing
try sync as in syncronisation or synchronization .
i forgot all about my steak in the damn sink 🤦 🏼 ‍ ♀ ️ ion even wanna cook the bitch now
awesome !
maybe now they can finally pass another equal pay for women bill and another anti lynching bill
really gon na burn white british bitches if they breathe their toilet paper washed ass breath around bts
fuck that racist bitch that hates america
< user > your parents not arrest for what happened to you is how to rape the church room < number > jesus goes to jail to them given a bible maybe proverbs < time > confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble nkjv ever find out what stops another joyce raped yrs 🙃
what is the difference between " involuntary " and " forced " ?
if the decision to circumcise the child is made before the child can give their own consent then you could say the decision was " forced " on them . [ ... ]
there is a law that protects women , it 's only fair that men have that equal protection .
yeah poor guy , he did n't know it was wrong to steal gas and against the deal he made with the us government that paid his wages and who knows which deployment he gat away with the most and of course his wife was   getting used to the little extra 's from his job .
sure there are bigger crooks but does that make him right , who knows what he got away with all told ?
i guess if you apologize mama will forgive !
makes all of the guys that i was in with and did n't steal look like dummies huh ?
please people do not reply to this ignorant peasant raghead as it is from one of them it is unable to differentiate between a child and a woman as mo the pedo married a < number > yr old they also can not tell between women and goats both have beards after all
everyone hates me 
 i always get kicked in counter strike despite carrying my teams and being the best player but now i ve just been perma - banned in forsen 's chat , what did i do to deserve this feelsbadman : gun :
i do n't know if people ( both men and women ? )
should take courses about sexual harassment ; if they do n't already know it 's wrong , then they are extremely deficient in moral understanding .
maybe a moral philosophy course would fare them better .
< user > all race baiting rabble rouser obama did was foment violence and god is going to punish his vile little muslim $ $
only thing small here is your genitalia fucktard
< user > soon they will be finding a right to transgenderism in the constitution the right to choose your pronoun penalties for those who use language like illegal aliens and the right to kill old people they will say it right there in the constitution has been all along
britain and usa are israel real enemies and the palestinians and other arabs are potential partners against american imperialism
< user > yea that so so true more info han faggot it becoming feminine thanks for correcting me
as long as you know niggers and blacks are not the same like immigrant and illegal immigrant are not the same do not sweat it cnn can not differentiate either go watch some tommy sotomayor and get educated
madden is dead cause it 's april and only 40 people have a chance of playing for anything .
end conversation
your a stupid little whore whose only purpose is to be a worthless hole to take cum inside your hopeless body .
yo … — you 're * but at least you tried ya know url
this commission is not transparent because the money authorized for it is probably being funneled into something for donald trump 's benefit .
this entire commission was created by trump to back up his false claim of " millions of fraudulent votes " .
its entire purpose is to feed trump 's ego , and distract and deflect from the real issues facing our country that are not being addressed by trump or his administration .
maybe this is where the money is coming from to pay the legal fees of people in the trump administration who are being questioned and subpoenaed by the investigators of the russian interference in the election .
would anyone be surprised if that was the case ?
how can anyone put their trust in anything donald trump is doing , and believe he is an effective leader after what we 've seen so far ?
trump is a joke .
a bad joke .
keep fucking with our guns , we 'll keep fucking with you whores wanting to murder babies .
he managed to articulate what for me has been only knowable but inexpressible at least through words words my constant struggle about what it like to grow up within the ex yugo context in my case 1 st generation immigrant to macedonian parents
censorship is your solution to bigotry when it comes from a group of   hispanic women at a college ?
interesting .
i had thought better of you .
not at all , if in fact it were " abuse . "
man i loooove junie b so much i ca nt wait until i m finished with owed art so i can draw her myself ! ! ! ! ! !
:d
venezuela ecuador are democracy that is why if you win the ghetto there you win the country venezuela is also a true socialist democracy that is now arming up their supporters with firearms confiscated from everyone else another failed socialist experiment republic or death end globalism
# whentheyseeus lol black kids should know the law and know the system .
these kids parents failed them .
alpha using his pathetic inferior faggot 's throat url
hell yea bitch dis go hard as hell flocka i will suck big dick team slut all day and week month year and century i love big naps d i c k q u a d
what is the dumbest thing you have heard blamed on the patriarchy ?
bottom bitch let his straight friend fuck him raw 😩 🤤 url
excellent commentary .
but frankly , the church 's sexual ethics inevitably derive from an immature and inexperienced celibate male clergy who are terrified of sexuality , particularly that of women .
their attempt to bully their stunted views into the secular mainstream is not only doomed to fail , but may sow the seeds of great change in the rc church .
be careful what you wish for , bp paprocki !
oh no !
now that the planes once full of rednecks arrive empty what will hawaii do ?
it 's not like we can focus our attention and resources on advertising to wealthy asian nations ...
< user > sorry islam law lied everything
funny how the people that go full retard lost their < number > minutes like < number > years ago even colin lost that < number > went full retard strange creatures these libtards
same argument can be made about lefties and immigration / borders .
muslims are currently taking over europe , it will eventually be predominantly muslim and at that point will no longer be europe .
you progressives though , i genuinely hope your children grow up to be mentalli ill lgbtq people , essentially cutting of your gene pool .
you would have to be a fucking bigot to be offended by that statement too .
the migrants : man , these americans are idiots .
ok let 's go get caught trying to cross the border .
most of us in canada learned that with our first snowsuit !
session had nothing to do with it he had recused himself it was rosenstein that did this and it is inexcusable that he did n't do his homework better about mueller 's ties with comey .
whatever my feeling about trump in all fairness this is a definite conflict of interest .
how would you like to be hauled into court only to find out the judge was a long time buddy of the man who accused you of a crime ?
somehow i do n't think his reputation as a stand up guy would   leave you with complete faith in a fair hearing .
no mistake mueller is acting as a judge in this it will be his decision as to what the outcome will be and if he is indeed as honest and professional as you deem him to be then he would resign without being asked .
this is n't anyone attacking him i was all for him based on his reputation , but now that the facts of his long standing friendship and close working relationship with comey have come out i see it as a conflict of interest cut and dried , friends do not investigate friends .
< user > when women stop getting raped and murdered we will stop deal
i was very deflated the 1st day of # pridemonth but since then , all i find on here is # lgbtq , their family , friends & allies drowning out all the hate .
whether you 're replying to the trolls , posting supportive / celebratory tweets or rting those , i want to thank you ❤ # lovewins 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 url
what do you call a pre - op   < number >   transsexual who visits another city ?
a tourist trap
where did you get the notion that the original pf banned participation in the wall street casino , by which i assume you mean the stock market ?
do you some evidence to back this up ?
as far as i recall the pf was always invested in stocks and bonds .
later on they branched out into other investments .
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
if those dickheads are so caring about their country then they should fuck off back there and do something bunch of moslem cowards
ah k white nationalism is perfect and infallible and you are a cuck faggot who takes it up the ass from blacks if you disagree in any way that seems to cover it
all u need is urself & amp ; god .
that 's all u was born with .
things may slow u down but nothing can really hold u back from what u want in life .
if anyone does n't like the way i believe then please by all means unfollow me .
i refuse to give up .
maugs love letting them white walkers in so easily
everyone is welcome to celebrate how far we 've come in terms of accepting marginalized groups .
whether you 're part of one or not , bring your positive vibes and we 'll have a blast together .
^^^inb4 ^^^police ^^^in ^^^uniform ^^^comment
new mgmt i call them white haired old men love to do things in secret was scrolling thru the new line up of mgmt in hr structure and i do nt recognise nearly everyone do nt even know they existed rumours rife but no concrete evidence until now
not all men look at women with lust some look at children .
is that a man with that pink bag ! ?
is that a man ? !
wow .
we do not want legal immigrants unless they are white europeans
the inquisition is not the only alternative to tossing gay men off buildings .
there are a lot of other options .
# tsa 's hair pat - downs and religious - garb pat - downs perpetuate dangerous stereotypes about people of color .
if you missed @jnelsonldf 's testimony before @homelanddems on how discriminatory # tsa practices burden black women , you can read it here : url url
@filonin2 talking like that you must be a rectal thermometer .
a blow hard without an ability to learn something new .
lot of people that way these days .
too smart to learn , to stupid to know better .
today the people delve too greedily and too deep into theology .
i 'm talking science not christianity , todays swastika .
learning with an open mind and a closed mouth makes all the difference .
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
david ....... " if you 're disappointed by your elected officials , grab a clipboard , get some signatures , and run for office yourself . "
-   barack hussein obama
bingo !
prime example of why otakus and weebs everywhere need to be put on a watch list .
deranged , introverted , autistic perverts who do nothing but complain about anime and masturbate to childrens cartoons .
and you 're a mentally ill man pretending to be a " woman " .
have a nice day pedo
yeah , maybe one day when rapid transit stretches far enough into south surrey , then a rail line might have a terminus close to the border to connect to rapid transit .
but high speed rail into vancouver city centre ?
not happening .
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
q : what do you call it when 4 black guys fuck a black girl ?
a : a foursome 


 q : what do you call it when 4 white guys fuck a black girl ?
a : law and order
power rangers , ghost in the shell and beauty and the beast is out and i 'm playing doom .
what fucking year is this .
democrats , proven wrong every single time , still think their fantasies are true : " i have always been proud to be a democrat because of the way members of my party fought to bring a voice to the voiceless and to prioritize the needs of the vulnerable " no , you 're all evil enabling morons who champion the slavers of men .
the cancer you give yourselves is never enough .
i have thicker poc porn gifs if u want 🥺
these women disgust me .
ohh women of color .
arnt all trump supporters white supremacist .
this congresswoman omar married her brother is a conwomanan , aoc is a hippocrit .
disgust 👊
already winning on my birthday , because i just got my sheets to fit my bed correctly on the first try . #
nobodylikesyouwhenyoure23
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
peter kopteros peter kopteros < number > hours ago i sure hope that nappy headed lowlife never gets to play professional football ever again unless it in the ghetto they grew up in lol ﻿
isis attracts the same mentally unstable people .
easy .
the people you hate ?
very conveniently , god hates them , too .
abaya is pride of muslim women restore abaya notification
collectively with bitches
oh , cutie !
hi , i ' m trying to move myself and my three year old son up to northern california or even out of state somewhere near woodlands and i am curious if anyone knows about places i might be able to stay for cheap or free or if anyone has a contact .
not to worry - discovery math will provide the proper politically correct numbers .- )   just extend the amortization schedule ..... per ontario hydro example .
bingo ... voila ... debt is someone elses problem .
now vote for me .....
yeah , like when hitler burnt the jews lol
my boss called me into his office this morning he said why have i had sexual harassment complaints from several members of our female staff i said because you are probably a pervert
how fucking weak do you want to be you fucking soft cock cunts .
he did veto $ 1.3 billion in spending .
respect for judge josephine moody ?
not this guy .
last year i had the unfortunate experience of suing another person for libel and slander after repeated attempts to ruin my name and reputation .
the defendant chose to counter sue for whatever damages they thought they were entitled to .
i came to court with my documentation , witnesses and even a willingness to mediate the case , all to no avail .
judge moody showed her ineffectiveness numerous times throughout my hearing .
first , during my testimony she interrupts me to say " just get to the meat and potatoes of it " .
next she received a phone call and interrupted my testimony again to take the call .
the judge left the bench and the courtroom to receive a phone .
is n't that what secretaries and staff are for ?
could n't she have managed that call on her time ?
it was no surprise when she dismissed the case outright with   me having to pay the def .
court costs .
she completely failed to let the defendent put forth her countersuit .
this article , laced with gratuitous sarcasm , is misleading at best .
it begins with a misleading and untrue statement : ... " the very group about whom the campaign team of the democratic nominee , secretary hillary clinton , concluded , ' there needs to be a catholic spring , in which catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship and the beginning of a little democracy and respect for gender equality in the catholic church . ' "
that statement about a catholic spring was not made by a member of clinton 's campaign team , which is clearly stated in the post article that kempton links to .
i do n't understand the intent of ncr in publishing kempton 's article .
it does nothing to contribute to understanding why a conservative catholic ( or anyone else ) would vote for trump if the voter did not find trump 's obvious intolerance , racism , and misogyny acceptable .
a man who said the majority of mexican immigrants are drug - dealers , rapists and criminals devotes a large amount of his energy to ensuring he has a trade deal with mexico .
why ?
because not even donald trump is nuts enough to permanently damage trade with his closest neighbours !
url
goals help focus you on areas in both your personal and professional life that are important and meaningful , rather than bei # thegreatquote
all the retards are becoming the presidents / prime ministers   this is one of the signs that yaumal qiyamah is close
if it was n't a " muslim ban " than please inform the president who called it a " muslim ban " .
we saw and heard him say it .
the problem is that the donald shoots his mouth off first , then has his public spokespersons , some cabinet membes and the v.p. running after him to clean up his mess .
he 's like a raging bull in the china - shop of international relations .
it 's definitely not just a label .
whether you're a boy or a girl defines everything you are .
aw wook at the widdle faggot twying to shit post it so cute yeah you are gon na have to do better than no u if you want to keep going with this otherwise you get confirmed for retard
i miss my ex wife now i have fallen deep deep into depression and am tieing a noose as you read
yes , how dare anyone portray dads as competent .
better to stick to the sitcom strategy to show us as bumbling idiots .
its easier than wasting time on quality writing 

 i do n't know what ' boy - men ' you 've personally surrounded yourself with , but instead of making generalizations ( what am i talking about , you 're a journalist ) maybe you can clean up your own life .
do n't lump me in with the children you date / marry / raise 

 oh , and maybe we can add some blame to the mothers out there who treat their precious sons as the second coming and their daughters as unpaid help around the house .
everyone of your ' compliment sponges ' had a mother who would n't shut up about their ' perfect little boy ' 

 i 'd write more but i have to drive my daughter to the dentist , then off to work .
after dinner tonight , my wife 's turn to cook , i 'll follow your advice and offer no compliment .
men , i think we all know how well that will go .
on second thought , i think i will just continue as my wife and i always do .
happily
not as likely as my original statement , given that the vast majority of so - called " fake news " originates on the right .
much of it conjured up by trump and his incompetent staff .
cripes , kellyanne herself coined the term " alternate facts " to defend their lies .
omg i 've never seen the people who have ethnic and cultural diversity like this are at one spot .
all the races , ages , languages , genders and their cultural looks i see now .
literally wembley is little earth 🌍 and they all love one group @bts_twt i 'm crying .
this is the code they hear from their fellow white male leader : " as long as * those people * are hurt worse , any amount of pain i inflict on you will preserve your status at the top " .
so as long as it 's a white man kicking them around , they 'll happily keep paying for his new shoes .
@debasis10076787 @mehboobamufti and jinnah stays safe and revered in amu , in independent india .
a sense of humor might be the only way to survive the chaos that surrounds us these days , i will agree with you there ... and the same can be said about the rcc 's insistence on the " truth " of their teachings .
disciplines , theories , etc . ?
maybe , but not truth , or the even more confining , " objective moral truth , " as if   a singular dark deed , thought or character trait can earn you a one - way ticket to the eternal underworld .
yes , there is no shortage of those who think pf is coloring outside of the lines , but they will just have to learn to get over it or they may just choose to form their own splinter group ... the irony ( or humor ) there , of course , is that these protesters have essentially become " protestants " in their own right -- a group they have constantly maligned for the last half millennium .
yes , it 's buttered popcorn for me please ! ;-)
goatee : whazzie   is fine , he will be even better in the next 2 - 3 months if he can   tweak himself into a more consistent function .
< user > okay faggot
choir boy looks like an incredibly important play for historians of black religion and sexuality in particular . #
tonyawards cc : # twitterstorians
< user > or if u wanna be gay about it you can go ㅎㅎㅎ
" rt @feralcrone : it 's almost 3:30 and women in offices everywhere are thinking " " well , i guess i should eat that fucking yogurt i bought . " " "
for fucks sake the negroe men in africa prefer their women to be lighter skinned in brazil likewise in other words only far left wing white people in europe claim to not see color
msm tatics if shooter is not white bitch about gun control if white use the nazi angle blame trump and probably roll out gabby giffords and the usual suspects
so niggas wanna be bitches and shit wearing flowers and shit smh y' all niggas gay !
♪ i am dreaming of a so cal christmas just like the ones i used to know where the sunshine glistens ♪ and no one listens ♪ cause there no sleigh bells and no snow ♪ buncha icky white stuff all over the ground this morning
the world should stop living in illusions that china will democratise one day in the future .
no , it 's just impossible .
chinese people worship " great power " .
they enjoying seeing and bullying other people beneath them .
url
i 've heard from some other sources , he 's also a huge faggot .
why am i crying that i was nt able to watch last night and all of my friends were telling me how good it was ?
certain leftwing groups want to obliterate our past cultures that founded and built north american / european society .
what are the most favourable societies to live in on this globe ?
north american and european .
what describes the values , mores , inventive thought , philosophical thought , visions that built our wonderful societies ?
literature from our past .
no society should forget its roots and erase its history , but that is what is being demanded of our british / european roots .
literature allows students to examine our evolution of thought and values , discuss human nature and time periods .
it is scandalous that our leftwing governments , and educational institutions are at the forefront of dismantling our past because they have some moronic need to appease some minority groups who seek these capitulations , not for the benefit of our societies , but for the goal of destruction and therefore the achievement of a sense of power .
they simply want to exercise power over the majority .
k5bl live weather mckinney texas usa ... 01:00 am temperature 60.1of humidity 69 pct % wind 0.0 mph n%
your children are literally being raped by invaders encouraged by your leaders go fuck yourself you delusional faggot
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
garrison , 

 where are you getting your numbers ?
without making any claims about criminality or good or bad consequences , the number of muslims in norway has almost trebled and the percent of the population ( 1.3ish to 3.0 % ) more than doubled in the last 30 years .
it went from having probably no more than 10 k total adherents in the ' 80s , to 50 k + in the ' 90s , to being the second largest professed faith today with approaching 150k registered members and a projection of doubling both population and percentage of population in another decade .
that is rapid change , not some kind of status quo , driven largely by immigration of people from , setting aside religion , a markedly different cultural background into what was a fairly homogeneous culture .
that said , i 'd ascribe any claims of increased criminality more to the fact that many immigrants are young and male , which is the cohort that commits most crimes regardless of race / culture , and to the known issues of social strain due to immigration .
all you talk about is nigger cocks me thinks you suck and get fucked by nigger cocks regularly closeted homo
the alt - right take on all this is that the - powers - that - be want a weak and feminized male population because they 're less of a threat .
at this point , i think they 're on to something .
no kidding .
one of the first things the new administration did was slash nutritional requirements for subsidized food .
profits over nutrition .
you 're changing the subject .
surprisingly junior had a valid point .
the real gripe of these women is they are horrid negotiators .
most athletes are smart enough to have bonuses established in their contracts for meeting certain goals .
i have to laugh when it is pointed out " the women ’s 2015 world cup win was the most viewed soccer game in the history of american television . "
this is a global tv market and american viewership is pathetic compared to the rest of the soccer dominated world where the revenue is generated .
this argument also fails to grasp professional teams are not recruiting professional women , they are recruiting professional men , and therein you have to kick down the bucks to get better players or lose them to professional teams .
it stills falls back on the women who failed to negotiate bonuses like the rest of their professional sports peers .
next time hire a better agent .
" at the half way mark ... we are three games out of first in the division ... with two division games left in the division ... " 
 + + + + + + + 


 ♫ ♪ ♫ " keep yer ' sunny side up " ♫ ♪ 

 - and keep those laughs comin ' 
 =d
ahh , another antisemite .
it 's so pointless to bring up bds when there are a thousand other points that would make some sense .
j ,   so the rest of the losers did n't even get off their butts and vote ?
sorry man , no vote no say so .
that 's how things work in the good old us of a !
early on in my career , before the advent of personal computers , and anti - social media , i worked for a company that was conservative and traditional .
the way to get ahead was to keep your head down , work long and hard and let your work speak for itself .
then with the rise of hr , being a social butterfly became increasingly important .
despite the paramount importance of listening skills ; talking , making effective presentations and dominating conversations became increasingly important .
an hr lead focus on improving " soft skills " turned the workplace into one big social club .
hard for an introvert .
power point presentation became the mark of ones career .
no need to actually accomplish anything to get ahead .
folks forgot how to listen , take direction , write a paragraph , or actually get things done .
perhaps it is wishful thinking on my part , that the advent of anti - social media might take us back to the good old days of getting ahead through hard work .
but let 's hope hr does n't rise again .
when you 've been waiting on your taxes to get a new ring , finally get them back and the ring is out of stock & # 128517 ;
< user > people who are responding to this tweet are retarded he was < number > they all say stupid things give them hell winnington
just goes to show that no matter how hard you try to make people integrate into your culture , even when they die they do n't want to be near you , and it 's a must that they separate themselves from us just like in real life i guess .
peace for all but everyone is really saying peace for my kind first ... 

 maybe the muslim men have it right about women , if we had our sharia and used it we probably would n't have to deal with any of this .
western culture has been weakened by its women and it 's men have lost their identity and their way because of the women .
but , most importantly , he never indicated nor expressed he did this or advertised its ok to do this .
he merely pointed out when you are rich and famous you can grab a woman by the pussy and get away with it .
so very true !
put a millionaire ( man or woman ) in a room of average wage people who do you think will attract the most listeners ?
you know damn well what trump meant .
groupies and hanger - ons   are the same .
when you are famous people will step on others to get to you .
that was the analogy of the bus conversation which by the by was done in private .
do n't start me raging on all the german and swedish students we have here taking places from the country 's native people i can imagine there is quite alot finns in swedens universities though .
uh he wasn t a kid and i am positive heaven is not being turned into a nigger ghetto
given the anti - gun positions of many within the democratic elite , it ’s easy to forget that there are plenty of strongly pro - gun democrats , men and women who actually hunt , shoot and defend those rights .
read more : http://www.gunsandammo.com/second-amendment/8-surprisingly-pro-gun-democrats/#ixzz4txl8ws5q
and you still ca n't get laid .
poor fat ugly little troll .
so the " rateme " subreddit just ignore ugly males , but when they see a 19f they go crazy with the praise
fake americans killing each other on us soil msm response how can we make this some white dude fault right now they are trying to bleach out the pigment of the illegal alien face and make sure the muslim american girl looks suitably cute in every photo goback
trump is such a piece of shit ! !
wtf has iran done ? ? ? ?
israel wants the us to attack iran and we all know with trump jew son in law who plays trump , he will get him to attack iran .. but this will be a war that will see the us loose and palestine returned to the rightful owners the arabs ! !
the fucking us has to stop playing the world police , that is why the us is hated the world over ! !
eventually people will be priced out .
or not see the value in toronto real estate .
right now detached home buyers believe the sky is the limit with prices .
but people will look elsewhere if it is not competitive .
plus cheap money is not here forever and when it disappears toronto 's real estate will be so far out of affordability .
has anyone looked at the majority of communities in toronto .
they 're not that great .. can you imagine what a 3 % increase in rates would do ?
how many toronto families who recently bought can afford to be under 3 or 4 hundred thousand ?
that 's a lot of money that is well worth going bankrupt over .
especially if you have no choice .
listen dirty bitch slut , i know this video will make you lose what was left from your fucking head .
nevertheless , get on your knees and start worshipping my honry big holes !
url url url url
literally had to lock myself in the storage room to cry over my moms text like changed the fucking passcode to unlock the door & amp ; everything
it would not surprise me if obama was behind the nut cases that have shot up schools i have never trusted that man and his muslim ties
notice how no one ever gives male gymnasts shit for being less flexible than female gymnasts , or says men ca n't play piccolo or some shit
and so it is that the inupiat gave homage , respect , and sanctity to the great weather , or sila , in our language , and not unto a man , or an ideologue , or a man - created religious thought .
for it is for naught that man of the earth would do so and kill other human beings in the pursuit of that end .
maybe trudeau can reclaim some of the funding money he reinstated and gave to   suspected terror groups along with the worthless carbon pricing funds .
this should go a long way to giving our 2 % .
you paid to be called a faggot and that 's what u fuckin got url
this faggot < user > likes muslim goat dick advocates for white genocide and shills using the same repeated script i am sure that he a paid shill
most grateful to those who had the foresight to put into place the laws that protect the iwi kupuna burial places .
queen liliuokalani trust should have been first to accommodate this process .
to me , this was their kuleana as representatives of our last reigning queen .
is this a glimpse of what will be emerging from the cocoon as the new vision of the queen 's representatives ?
" ... and from the lepo will rise the makaainana ! "
i guess the prophecy is coming true .
those stories about gay sex orgies are n't welcome at ncr .
ncr delights in blaming the church for what gay priests do , and when referencing stories of abuse , adheres to a policy of gender agnosticism re the victims of these priests .
that is , if these victims are male .
women who gave birth to 10 children at the age of 25 years , is given # tripletalaq because she denied her shauhar for 11th child in firozabad .
women are made child machine & slave in this cult that 's why they are challenging # tripletalaq law , constitution & supreme court order .
url
awesome ! ! !
all you liberal losers can meet the finest president we have had in a long time ! ! !
a real man , instead of that imitation president ovomit the puke ! ! !
god bless president trump !
my transgender friend was diagnosed with cancer she has more hair on her mustache than her head
this was n't a judgement , and the reasoning for the decision was explained .
wake up whores it 's time to sin
any time a man tells you to make him a sandwich , imagine it as " make me sandwich .
me am man .
me beat chest . "
i thought the other picture of him was a chick !
what 's the hardest part about having anal sex ?
having a cock repeatedly shoved in your ass .
" the electoral college did . "
then how do you explain why , since 2008 , the gop has gained over 1,000 seats in the state legislatures , gaining majorities in both chambers of two - thirds of the states ; gained two - thirds of the governors ; and majorities in both the house and the senate , before trump won .
none of those elections involved the electoral college .
hillary won 13 states + dc ; trump won 37 .
the electoral college did what it was supposed to do .
it prevented a small minority of the states from dominating our country .
my one - word reply : " bakwa'as " .
what ?
you do n't speak urdu ?
the word literally translates as " idle talk " , but idiomatically means the odoriferous , squishy nitrogenous material that intermittently drops from the south end of a northbound male bovine mammal .
wow @vp such a hypocrite if you 're going to take the # lbgt monies at 35,000.00 per couple than stop taking their rights way !
stop spreading the hate against them !
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
< user > he angry because he strenuously applied for covfefe boy not errand boy wandering all over shithole countries like a singing minstrel trying to save a lardass
niggas is really pussy .
they are truly pussy .
i was a nyc ghetto medic for < number > years and the people are racist and prefer the ugly ghetto we tried placing them in nice neighboirhoods and not there are very little safety for the citizens outside midtown plus or minus even so they are left victims
i would make a transgender joke , but ... ... mom always told me not to make fun of the mentally ill .
can all women of this country make a pact and not have sex with men .
and if they force themselves .
rip their dick off and staple it to their forehead with a fuck you note and send them to alabama
minimum wage defenders are the real racists minimum wages were first designed to keep women and minorities out of jobs < url >
so tommy robinson is in jail and the muslims in the uk are raping women and children this is our future if we allow muslims to take our freedoms away look at this graphic
me : sees night in the woods in her computer . "
ah , i see you 're a woman of culture " .
" trump loomed over the super bowl as no politician ever managed before " 

 which position did he play ? !
we are doing fine with our population what s your excuse of the dwindling white population besides being a limp dick faggot
no apologies ice chief says illegal immigrants should live in fear of deportation hotpagenews com r < number >
fastest growing by percentile not numbers asians doubling in numbers would still be < number > whites for every asian you are in a university environment so all those women white or not should be assumed to be ruined until proven otherwise i am not pro ricemixing but it not the main problem here
mask status off kikes are at their most dangerous in this state unlike when a crab or lobster molts and is quite vulnerable the fully exposed kike has an almost insatiable lust for goy child blood it can be distracted with gold coins but only briefly
that people think they can choose their own sex / gender . (
or claiming that sex and gender are different )
we support all individuals regardless of sex or gender identity ...
transgenders are a stain on humanity tbh
son , what did your brother say when he lost his virginity ?
-dad , please stop .
-exactly
my transgender friend was diagnosed with cancer she has more hair on her mustache than her head
there is plenty of evidence that women and non - white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world .
and by islamic reform i mean nuking every moslem city on the planet
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
rt @c_g_anderson : @viva_based she look like a tranny
who gave this nigga a mustache
" ... rest of the country is against us .... " 

 complete bs .
where did mason get this from ?
it is a shame the habs ( canada 's team ) are eliminated especially from a team from nyc .
carey price probably should not have played in the world cup .
he has been tired for most of the 2nd half and quite mortal in last night 's loss .
good for edmonton .
the notion of a team from california competing for the cup is odious .
it is good that san jose is out .
hockey is a canadian game .
only annoying ass girls fishing for attention post dumb shit like this so they can have their inbox flood with messages
rt @brijhaeee _ _ _ : i started giving up on myself & amp ; that 's where i fucked up at
get the fuck out of here you normie faggot .
cut up the street and not across the road for full effect .
do you even fucking lift bro ?
how about you let people with balls do what needs to be done you are a subversive kike who does nothing but punch right and counter signal
dick pussy ass cunt
< user > american citizens are also getting tired of news like this everyday knowing the dems support these illegal aliens
i am also wondering why .
if these was done on a woman the network might have been shut done .
gender equality at its finest .
saw a she - male tranny get called a sir today .. the queer looked stunned like it was offended , but i see where the cashier was coming from .. ya could n't tell until it spoke and he apologized and said sorry m'am .. i laughed at the fagget , it was embarrassing for it i 'm sure !
lol
i signed up for pandora in a ghetto city and all my ads are aids prevention pills and gun crime psas 😂 🤡
the atheist does n't deserve that money i do n't understand and there 's no such thing as a gay - friendly church god made men and women to be together god intended them to be together to go against what they were intended to be is pretty disgusting and disgraceful if anybody agrees comment christian
what did barack say to michelle when he asked her to marry him ?
ook - ook !
all of y' all bitches are hatin me right now haters are givin me strength bangin your t - shirt like it was nothin and i know&#128527;&#127911;&#127925;&#127925;&#128131;&#128131;&#128131 ;
by the way , i was just hanging out with somebody from github talking about their decision to remove gamergate 's accounts for harassment .
not even close to the same argument no white person alive today was associated in any way with slavery in the us no matter how they got here daca live here in violation of current immigration laws
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
they should start charging them for rescues and you 'd probably see less people taking chances .
@kimdamore esp disease ... extremely small penis .
these ridiculous military - gun nuts are afflicted with little dicks .
i 'd never date such a pathetic dude .
are you fat and ugly ?
yes , fuck her , she s a bitch .
no ?
fuck her , she s a bitch
wow is that someone drinking water wow my queer ass homoerotic anime man drank water is this a jojo reference is this a stand i can not fucking stand you retard
those fortunate enough to be able to hear fr .
martin 's talk will benefit from the experience .
those deprived will need to recognize that some people , who should have known better , caved to bullies to the detriment of those who could have benefited from the discussion .
@trb_respawn touch my cock and balls and you 'll get a forced lobotomy , dumb cunt
i guess we know that kiszla is not on the broncos ' payroll .
beat writers do n't have to be homers , but everything kiszla writes about the broncos seems to be another negative rant .
i ask , to what end ?
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number > and a pile of counterfeits .
would you slaughter every single femoid on earth if you could ?
it cause they thought you mean lynch as in lynching a bunch of niggers
> true diversity in an egalitarian society would be a good thing lol , no .
ethnic , cultural and religious diversity destroy solidarity , cooperation and resilience in communities and foster tribalism and nepotism no matter the economic system .
holy shit the governor of new york is a gay black jewish muslim
i did not say gender stereotyping was the only factor .
however , simply reverse the genders in any given crime ( i.e. review a meaningful sample of crimes and control for gender ) and then look at the other facts / evidence .
what you 'll find are some consistent anomalies .
what i am talking about is bias .
yeah , it 's an honourable concept that justice should be blind , but we all know that is not how our species actually functions .
if the bias affect delayed the point in time of suspicion regarding dead people , lives lost would be the result .
< user > white people stole the land so you ’ re an immigrant
before the " hate native people " hecklers and kkk wannabes come out , let me remind them they have no axes to grind for themselves .
see the following .
from lisa bloom . "
in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
when flames are thrown , i throw them back , just like you do .
and those men are conservatives to me but uncle tom 's to you .
and all blacks are tokens or prizes on the democratic plantation .
you might want to pick up some tylenol and a pair of knee pads before i use your face like a pocket pussy .
eat a dick puss ass nigga
do you want to join my new cult ?
potassium potassium potassium
shawn and chase are tras
photos from hamas kindergarten graduation hate and incitement against jews arabterror gabfam terror the first victims of palestinian violence are palestinian children
i 'd fuck your throat and get my cock nice and wet before sliding i to your tight little asshole
hwasa has spent her entire life dealing with prejudice because of the way she looks and the strength she has to push that aside and aim to change people 's ideas of what beauty is in terms of makeup , skin color , body shape , etc .
is incredible !
the site from which the above transcript is offers all major hitler speeches and directives for historical reference and has been endorsed earlier .
i hate gay guys that start shit with females get your hiv having ass on nasty bitch
not me you dumb bitch the faces do not even match the nose eyes lips are not even close if you are going to go down that route at least try to get some one that closer to what i really look like
there is a difference between a person stealing axes and hatchets , assaulting a loss control employee , and then throwing those axes and hatchets at police and then charging them and probably wanting to die by suicide by cop versus a black man dying because of a simple traffic stop , or selling cd 's , or running from the police and being shot in the back , etc .
etc .
etc .
you ca n't blame for black people for being tired of racist b.s .
and murder by cop .
turn off fox news , open your brain a bit and maybe you 'll realize not everything is black and white ( no pun intended . )
as much as us white folk wish it was .
shut the fuk up you non - american stupid ass queer choke on dick and die
blm member living in detroit baltimore youngstown chicago ny la houston or any city with a large crumbling poor dependent ghetto black men women and children lifestyle
lol you 're a fucking typical racist incel .
a bunch of ignorant , poor , uneducated backward living fucks cavemen .
so hateful of everything in the world , such a sad life .
you people need help .
@ilhanmn you should know the reason muslims have so many gay men .
think , women are not treated as equal .
most of the women are killed or in prison .
all the men hang around with each other .
they bath together , eat together , talk together .
no hole to put their pecker in .
they 're gon na b gay
" " " 1 .
that 's insulting because i hate monkeys , 2 .
you 're a fucking idiot . " " "
just come suck my dick so i can cum on your face and leave you to clean up the mess .
high school story # 1 : that time chad urinated on my drawing .
what did barack say to michelle when he asked her to marry him ?
ook - ook !
according to the newspaper el sol de tijuana , the sinaloa cartel does not need a gun for their slaughter .
" murders by the cartel often involve beheadings or bodies dissolved in vats of alkali and are sometimes filmed and posted on the internet as a warning to rival gangs . "
giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function , decrease blood pressure , and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes .
whores , every single one of them
i have a small question 
 pardon my ignorance , but what does veteran 's affairs have to do with men 's rights ?
what character ?
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
< user > < user > but you have to keep quiet for the sake of diversity when white kids are targeted groomed and gang raped by mainly muslim men where your outrage for our kids
monkey see , monkey do .
regarding : " gay culture " 
 - this old phrase , ' particular friendships ' , might best explain what the old men in the holy see want to address .
- that is , secular clerics , as well as consecrated men and women , must avoid an , albeit natural , human tendency to have friends that are just like themselves .
that is , they do not have an ' open ' approach to relationships and thus act in an exclusionary manner .
- in houses of consecrated religious , ' particular friendships ' , raise suspicions , isolated one religious from another and thus are divisive .
- more diffused , but just as apparent , secular clerics who have ' particular friends ' limit their own ability to be a brother to the brothers and sisters of christ .
- so , this document is best read if ' gay ' or ' homosexual ' is replaced with human .
< user > say goodbye sou nazista
why should she play a different person when she suck at it .
she is terrible !
she played an asian into a white woman !
she is horrible !
you make us bengalis proud 😂 😂 its in the blood my man !
are you sure it was peaceful us forces not blood thirsty   russians ?
< user > < user > it not homogeneous it just that asian immigrants are not as vocal visible
in the < number > < number > police hated pakis as we all did but it was the police who saw the results of pakis who battered and raped wives and daughters and prostituted them police thought any white girl with a paki was scum and deserved all she got
i 've always said that wisdom is the application of understanding.﻿
ignoring the truth jc shannon < user > < date > < time > msm ignores sweden immigrant riots because it does not fit their narrative trump right again newsbusters org blogs nb nicho …
" 09:00:00 t:39.5 ° h:62 % b:30.318 " " solar:415 w / m2 precip:0.00 " " p - rate:0.00""/hr .
wind:1.0 wchill:39.5 ° mostly clear with little temperature ch "
obama allowed the cia a free hand in syria resulting in the absolute jihadi chaos which benefited the worthless kikes this is how we ended up backing moderate kebab that behead < number > year old christian kids trump ended this and allowed russia to massacre the sandniggers you are fucking retarded
1 timothy 2:15     notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing , if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety .
do n't talk to me , rapist trash
why ca n't mexico evolve 
 and stop allowing 11 million of its people invade the usa 

 why does n't mexico have the decency to build a wall without being forced to ?
stopped going to the barber ... 
 i actually stopped going to hairdresser and cut my own hair with trimmer since like 2 years , cuz i could nt bare sitting there , looking in the mirror of my ugly self
i wonder if i am alone with this thought , if i hear justin repeat i am doing it for the middle class , i feel like screaming some crude and rude words .
i find it most annoying .
i came a long way mentally , physically and emotionally ; i be damn if some fuckers try to take that from me ✌ ️️
" could the fact that dr. diab is of middle eastern and muslim background have anything to do with the canadian government 's seeming indifference to his disgraceful treatment ? "
did you see the mother 's day tweet that trudeau sent out ?
both his wife and mother were wearing hijabs .
does that sound like someone who does n't care about muslims ?
you woke it problematic that heidegger was associated with the nazis me based that was basically the only not bad thing about him
those are quotes directly from anti white semites so shove your fucking anti semitism up your faggot ass
unpopularopinion i loathe the alt right but i believe in the 1 st amendment as long as it is not violence or incitement to violence the government has no right to infringe in speech also google and facebook i am moving on from you guys because of your intolerant crap
pardon me , but was n't one of gci 's muckamucks involved in the u.s .
senate campaign for ' dead eyes ' dan sullivan ?
leaving people alone ?
what ? ?
that 's like saying mind your own business .
keep your own house clean .
come on , gary : how can people get aroused if not by vicariously peeping in my bedroom window ?
better yet , into a gay man 's bedroom ?
never mind the suit and tie they wear to work at the bank , or that i prefer funny movies .
do n't deny that the images of > > gay sex < < flood your thoughts at the mention of the word " gay " .
dwell , dwell , dwell .
it 's important to keep what you think i do out of the campsite .
< user > shocking that account did not want immigrants speaking for themselves if it did not conform to their world view
agreed .
in many states , innocent folks who spend time in prison are paid a set amount for each year of incarceration -- say $ 25,000 / year -- not enough but a start .
what if the states set a similar " restitution " for those who improperly lose their vote .
the amount of such a restitution payment would need to be substantial enough that officials use due diligence in purging voters .
in states like kansas , restitution costs would add up quickly ( yes , i know that kansas does n't have any money ) .
god grief !
have some common sense man .
bill clinton made an incredibly stupid decision to get a blow job from a young woman who was coming on to him .
good lord , the potus could have gotten more with less risk through discreet channels .
and , he dissembled ; unwisely using lawyerly language in a futile attempt to get out of his predicament .
both of these decision are fair game for criticism , and i am not excusing them .
however , he was hardly a " sexual predator . "
-- paul
" what should canada do ? "
start by smartening up on stuff grade school kids know , but our politicians apparently do n't .
like canada 's northern latitude,-- which means a high subsistence cost because of the need for heat , light , and foods that do n't grow very well in snow .
how smart is it to enter a " free trade agreement " with a country such as mexico , whose costs are so much lower than ours because of this ?
how smart is it to tax carbon that both individual canadians and our industry depend on for basic needs such as heating for almost half the year ?
given the need for industry to pay our bills , we must drastically reduce the cost of government as an " overhead " on productive activities to have any semblance of trade even with protective tariffs , and for the destructive fantasy of " free trade " , cut these costs to the bone .
we also need to strip away regulatory red tape strangling industry , the result of politicians trying to outdo each other with their moral exhibitionism .
▰ ▰ ▰ ▰ ▰ ▰ ▰ ▰ ▰
telling me " don't help this person , they are not really victims " probs is n't going to get you the reaction for which you are looking .
" unlike the united states , canada will not deport failed refugee claimants to somalia because the country is deemed too dangerous , mr. matas said " 


 but 3 canadian citizens were recently involved with the somalia presidential election with a somalian - us citizen winning .
the current canadian immigration minister goes to somalia all the time .
how can it be too dangerous ? ? ? ?
canada needs to wake up and adjust it 's naive perception of the world .
hello wombat today is going to be great with a small helping of queer never forget that you are a wiz kid who will win the day you will celebrate in avalon with bloody marys and sushi or so a little bird told me
< user > you ’ re correct soros was a nazi
has anyone here ever been allowed to look at the moon / tranquility base with a observatory/ giant federally owned   telescope ?
" ... we have shown that man and shown the administration respect for six months , and all we ’re getting in return is a lack of respect , derision and bullying . ” ... "
93 % of cnn reports on trump have been certified negative .
they are just a reflection of the negative press and utterly false media being used against the administration .
this guy ca n't see the forest for the trees and we are supposed to depend on his " reporting " .
what a big wuss .
lw#3 / no longer hopeless : your choice to embrace , rather than avoid or try to escape aloneness is a beautiful existential lesson .
congratulations for finding a path to healing .
lw#2 / impossible : your in - law is trying to fit in , while contributing from his point of reference , which is very different from your own .
maybe if you asked to see photos from his strange and faraway stories , they would be more relatable to you , or at least you would be more forgiving of his differences .
it 's been years , but have you ever really given him a fair chance ? ...
you can say sincerely , " yes , you have had a rich and interesting life " and equally , you can say , " i am also truly interested to hear how [ cousin ] feels about her new job " or whatever other people are trying to share .
lw#1 / wine : if mom is drunk driving , call the police and inform the company that leased the car .
if you are just trying to keep her off the road but have given up at trying to stop her drinking , then tell her to order booze onine
what , another one ? ?
colour me surprised .
in movies and video games however we 'd have 45kilo midget wymyn out playing 400kilo 5meter giants 69 - 0 .
cucks would rate it 10/10 " best thing ever " .
did u guys know that racism was cancelled by the film freedom writers ?
now u do url
there needs to be a negative term for a man that has sex with many women 
 " player " is a positive term 

 " slut " is a negative term but its only used for women 

 what s a negative term that can be used for men ?
i gained < number > followers from this kike lovers post thanks faggot
what do you call it when a tranny gets mangled in a car crash ?
a gender bender !
hey china doll !
ni hao , ma !
i 'm sure there 'll be some good questions asked for the interview part .
and some interesting answers .
< user > lmao oh ok i ama talking bout a dyke in the line he need to let you text him your picks and bring the bread
it 's just really fucked up how someone can treat you after all ya been through together ... & # 129335;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️
niggas will say they do nt approve of gay people on tik tok live then come on here and say fat uwu life is crazy url
but do n't ever fucking dragged me into your drama and affairs .
jeremiah welton 's opinion at the time was that he was the intended victim .
why do people even like this barbaric trash ?
we ca n't find anything more civilized and less violent to do ?
i think that most men do n't understand that any male can be a potential threat to a woman .
men who rape women are found in every socioeconomic and ethnic group .
men who consider themselves devout adherents of any religion are no exception .
you will go wa wa wa when allah punishes you for your impotence you deranged man pig
you invited sandnigger child rapng muzzies into your home and you are still allowed custody of your own children
i thought you did n't wanna talk to me anymore .
you stalking me now ?
this dude said his homeboy has to pay 2000 in cs .
i fucking wish
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
i agree with you , that it takes two to tango .
nevertheless , if both are smart and emotionally healthy , she will leave him if he done her wrong , just as he will leave her if she done him dirt .
that 's the sensible thing .
my dad told me never to hit a woman , and i never have .
not only is it ungentlemanly , it is a stupid thing to do .
if the woman is inclined to hit or throw heavy objects under stress , the smart thing is to leave the room , and if it continues too long , to leave her .
but some people , women as well as men , have an obsessive response they are unable to control , and often , ca n't acknowledge .
those people are stalkers who blame others and especially those close to them ,   for all their self - made troubles .
very often they do a great deal of harm through violence to the object of their obsession .
stalking is n't a reasonable response to mistreatment or rejection , it is creepy and it is motivated by criminal intent .
you do n't kill a wife who leaves you , you find a new wife .
i swear fine chicks be swearing they guy friends do n't wanna fuck them , it 's not that they do n't , they just ca n't cus they friendzoned
some of the revelations around timing are intriguing , but this revelation near the end is the one that really raises the eye - brows : within the last 3 months , the trump re - election committee banked $ 8 million in mostly small donations ... but already also spent half of it !
" trump filed for re - election the day after taking office ... " 

 reminds me of a song ... 
 " taking care of business 
 every day !
taking care of business , 
 every way ... "
< user > brown immigrants will be blamed
suck his dick already bitch lmao
no .
i never wrote any of those things .
you 're lying again .
as always .
always .
fuck hole ass u
thank you for all your support , i have a great list that i am going to look into picking up .
looks like that pussy needs to be filled with my cock while my other friends fuck the rest of you
so what you 're advocating is pure zero - sum politics based on experiences in the us .
i do n't think their system and values are completely analogous to ours and given the current " post - truth " nature of debate ( i use the term loosely ) down there , they have nothing to teach us about civil society , electoral systems or responsible government .
you may find it instructive to reflect on tim hudak 's experience when he tried to import republican campaign management and their views : an extra term of wynne 's corrupt mismanagement for ontario .
scorched earth politics is not the answer .
it may surprise you to learn that many progressives feel that they are always compromising .
the debate never ends but it does go back and forth and we meet somewhere in the middle as much as possible to create workable solutions .
the point is to prove you have better ideas , not that you can shout louder , have better party discipline or " message control " .
just the fact any buzzfeed article rates a mention in this newspaper is slightly off putting ,   what say lets go back to the enquirer days of " half man / half woman makes self pregnant .
just who is the father " ?
pathetic .
i do not hate hitler brother it not black or white for me i do not hate him or love him i find him fascinating i prefer george lincoln rockwell
from a moslem group in the usa who have links to terrorists cheeky rag heads
so the new season of orange is the new white supremacy is a fucking mess master race ha more like disaster race
“ i wanna spank ur creamy ass until it turns pink ” sir i am a negro
what do you call a pre - op   < number >   transsexual who visits another city ?
a tourist trap
< user > these people are so keen on keeping illegal immigrants and self destructing themselves
i support trans people joining the army that way they can get themselves killed faster .
trump is a beta male .
very weak and incompetent .
he is a total fail in all respects .
i have so much longer be and respect for people like bill russell , kareem oscar , jim brown , ali and now we have magic and lebron who are empowering black people all over the world
anti muslim hatred on indian national tv hindu leader pandit ajay gautam covered his eyes because he does nt want to see the face of khalid , a muslim news presenter .
# india # islamophobia url
if you are n't a gay man who passes , you should get back in the closet until you kill yourself .
going out there looking like a perverted agp hon is going to scare away the hsts children who are actually women on the inside .
trump has said he wants open bids by pharmaceutical companies who supply drugs to health care services to reduce drug costs .
drug maker   stock prices dropped immediately .
just yesterday the epipen   cost dropped from the death defying   $ 600 to a generic version at $ 100 ( $ 10 with coupons at cvs ) .
months ago trump said he wanted hiv drugs to be affordable.because not everybody has sufficient health coverage    that goddamnbastard eh   thomas ? .
do n't tell me what to do you fucking faggot .
you fucking hentai - deprived overhydrated bastard faggot .
& gt;be incel 
 & gt;take normal photo of yourself 

 & gt;post it online 

 & gt;get ridiculed , become an internet joke and see the picture getting reposted in multiple sites for years 

 " why do n't you get a facebook anon ? "
.
so sad that the far right lunatic fringe ca n't see the writing on the wall .
how 's that ford nation thing coming along again ?
the man never smoked crack , right ?
not a drinker , right ?
.
remember ladies walking outside by yourself means you are asking to be molested and raped by guys share this meme with all your liberal feminist minded associates this is a so called educated professor that teaches muslims to think and act like this muslim islam maga gabfam < user >
the work place pensions advert is pretty bad , anyone seen it ?
fuck you your the bloody communist faggots q qanon fakenews thestorm twatter twitter maga greatawakening
interesting , was fijis comment about rep. colleen hanabusa co- sponsor of hr 1697 , israel anti- boycott act , removed just now ?
colleen signed on 7/18/2017 .
must be looking for funds from aipac.amnesty international , amnesty.org .
states,"stop supporting israeli settlements on occupied palestinian land .
we want governments to stop enabling the economy that keeps these illegal settlements growing and fuels the suffering of the palestinians .
call on your government now to ban israeli settlement goods from entering your markets , and to stop companies based in your country operating in settlements or trading in their goods- help put an end to the cycle of violations suffered by palestinians living under israel 's occupation . "
i would add from my reading that these israeli settlers are terrorists .
shame on you colleen hanabusa ,
you can take affirmative action low iq hoodrats like maliaobama out of the ghetto but you can never take the ghetto out of the hoodrats
what 's the hardest part about rape ?
admitting it was a woman who did it .
she was asking for it !
look what she was wearing !
why is it that 4chan delivers more quality intelligence then the c.i.a and the n.s.a combined
people asians ca nt rap < user > hold my fanny pack
trump is a much greater danger to the biosphere than is rocket man .
they are equally crazy , but trump has more destructive power .
at least , trump has a constitution with ( hopefully ) level - headed supreme court judges to cramp his style .
as hopefully , nk generals are not suicidal , not sure about rocket ma ...
obama never had any damaging information about trump . (
or we would have known about it ) the has never been any .
just democrat party emanations of penumbras ( as always ) .
he sat on the " russian matter " ( which never had anything to do with trump ) so as not to taint hillarity 's victory ( oops ) .
he never acted until after the election .
all of this is nothing but desperate democrat party denial .
keep it up .
it 's working good .
yes , these female committed a serious crime ; let ’s look at colorado ’s statue which falls under sexual assault / rape : “ the actor , while purporting to offer a medical service , engages in treatment or examination of a victim for other than a bona fide medical purpose or in a manner substantially inconsistent with reasonable medical practices . ”
and this : “ the victim is physically helpless and the actor knows the victim is physically helpless and the victim has not consented . ”
this crime can be charged in denver county , colorado , or other colorado counties as either a class 2 , 3 or 4 felony , and is often referred to as rape .
it ’s open season on male clients !
no wonder males avoid the corrupt us sickcare industry !
the wat against men gets stepped up .
the gm did a study and the data made them ' feel ' bad .
hurting someone 's feelings is now a crime in canada .
they want : 
 1 ) guilty until proven innocent for men accuse of sex crimes .
2 ) men should suffer abuse and retribution in prison for the crime of women feeling bad .
no talk of the root of the problem or how to fix it .
they just want retribution , they want to hurt men if they are guilty or not .
what do you get when you let a bunch of queers and feminists run everything sharia law
i 'm not sure what you call ' news ' or not , but " continuing " what was allowed during the year of mercy is a change from the past .
a good and long overdue one .
he pretended to have multiple personalities to coerce me into sexual activity and then cut himself and called the police .
ah , a safe , soft , target .
who 's going to object ?
me , i guess .
the modern - day abstainer wo n't be satisfied until the limit is zero .
it would be interesting to compare alcohol related traffic deaths ( not using statistics where alcohol is merely " a factor " - like daydreaming is " a factor"-but is a contributing " cause " ) with the total no .
of traffic fatalities similarly caused by texting , speeding , watching videos , etc .
or gun deaths , or non - alcohol motorcycle related deaths , deaths from domestic violence , guns , etc .
before we direct more resources to this one area , the more we should ask ourselves if there are n't other areas of safety concern that are causing more deaths or injuries .
no , it 's just easier to find a breathalyzer reading rather than try to stop any other dangerous behavior .
all traffic deaths are tragedies , and i do n't condone drinking and driving impaired , but i do n't see the same concern ( or enforcement efforts ) with respect to other important dangerous driving behaviors .
hmmm , this story left out how hoyt zia has been a major donor to democrats in hawaii over the past decade ; including kirk caldwell , neil abercrombie , david ige , brian schatz and mufi hannemann .
now how does the star - birdcageliner miss that ? ? ?
" " " new choppa i named blood , i bought it off a opp .
custodian after school , walkin wit a mop .
earl manigault i can knock a quarter off'a top " " "
and on top of that , niggas who used to talk about me or bulky me growing up always try to fuck with me now & # 129318;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️ fuck onnn !
< user > not me bitch
-if it was nt for my exam tomorrow , i d be getting fucked up tonight .
it is now up to the family of the girl to punish the moslem shit skin
why are they still there ? ?
start the deportation already
x - post /r / funny - men have no reproductive rights , lol
i consider the asian men are the most respectful and romantic human beings ever .
i do n't know how other people ca n't see it .
if trudeau keeps importing sand niggers we are going to build a northern wall and make canda pay for it and they will pay when we start shipping off the sand niggers for them
these kids are such faggots
that lesbian needs to repent ( turn from her evil ways ) , otherwise she 's gon na burn in hell fire with all the lgbts , sin lovers , idolaters , pagans and those people playing church & religion .
obama is the ultimate cuck a pretend american a pretend black man in reality a homosexual socialist mangina crypto muslim loser created by the cia trained by the saudis to destroy the strength of america
indian people enjoy the game 😂 😂
canadians should be ashamed that this company is a national ' icon ' - named after someone who killed themselves driving drunk .
tim hortons sells sugar poison to poor people .
would be great to see this organization - which has always been nasty - disappear .
unbelievable .
try an apple sometime .
calvin - " a police officer shot and killed a man in fairbanks tuesday after the man threatened a woman with a gun , grabbed a hostage off the street and ignored commands to drop his weapon .... officers tasered the suspect but the less - than - lethal method was ineffective , mcculloch said ... richards grabbed an elderly man as a hostage at some point during the pursuit and used him as a human shield . "
very different situation .
richards threatened a woman , grabbed a hostage for a human shield and ignored police commands .
this guy did n't aim at anyone , did n't assault multiple people and he grab a hostage .
he also did not enter the school or approached the kids .
what is so difficult to understand ? ?
if i was the hostage someone better kill the asshat before he decides to kill me ! !
how long should police wait to see if the hostage taker changes his mind ?
this man was clearly unstable .
2 less dangerous people we have on the streets .
ironically even neato neil is safe because good guys had guns ! !
damn i m about to workouy like a cotton field slave nigger sanz yar
mgtow reeks of kike subversion if you subscribe to that idea you are playing into their hand you are rejecting natural law and giving up on the biological goal of your existence you are giving up on your race and nation sort your life out or swallow a shotgun blast
today i saw a guy who looks like elliot rodger 
 i almost bowed to him as an involuntary reflex .
too bad she is religious ugh whyyyyy
skills coaching is more about education & amp ; the mindset that your environment cultivates than it is drills .
anyone can go on youtube for those
< user > nigga fucking called me a faggot when i said these things to him
my guess is that they had no insurance they have no assets , so no attorneys are willing to touch that case .
they may be able to put a lien on the income of the residents / owners , but not the homeless guy , who has no assets or insurance and is basically untouchable .
and personal residence are may not be attachable to any lawsuit .
why do n't they just call it the social justice warriors party of communists at this point .
they treat straight , white , working men like a pinata full of meth and each ca n't wait to take a swing .
a : : what do you want to do when you grow up ?
me : : i want to go to medical school , hopefully become a doctor .
a : : oh no , no , that 's too hard , you should be a nurse .
based on how many empty corn and bean cans in the trash , we 've reached the point in the year where grad students are living in their offices
telling me " don't help this person , they are not really victims " probs is n't going to get you the reaction for which you are looking .
< user > when roy rosales killed he called himself a dumb nigger which in court you have to say roy rosales dumb nigger killed
a pair of gloves is cheaper and faster .
interesting but not a good suggestion .
a transneutral human is hitchhiking and an old trucker pulls over to give the hitcher a ride .
after about < number > minutes of silence , the gender fluid person asks " well , are n't you curious if i ' m a boy or a girl ? "
and the old trucker says " not really , i ' m gunna fuck ya either way . "
i bet all the ted pike stuff is on the adl hit list , look for that to start disappearing down the memory hole .
as .
fellow bi , socially awkward , introvert ... same boat !
i try to create community where i can , but seems i meet a lot of introverts and closeted guys .
keep trying , get past the awkward when you can !
look at the likes , there is your liberal community folks !
what loving and compassionate humanists .
but a man 's self worth should be related to masculinity .
it is all about happiness 
 you can achieve anything and make history , but if you 're not sticking it in women then you 'll never be happy .
i would love to see trump bring < number > white women from europe call them refugees from the madness of merkel other lefties and refugees from rapist muslims bring them here and have a baby boom american men are tired of fat women
what 's the hardest part about having anal sex ?
having a cock repeatedly shoved in your ass .
so much anger .
so much hatred .
so much entitlement .
all directed against the white race and specifically the white male .
how ironic that this sort of distorted identity politics exists in a country and an era where all races , all genders , all religions , enjoy the greatest freedoms , rights and protections human kind has ever seen .
one has to wonder where this sense of outrage is really coming from because it 's not grounded in the realities of canadian society where our government does backflips in a tornado to appease anyone who does n't have an anglo sounding name .
< user > < user > jeez you wear one pointy white hood and people assume hey we have all done it when we were young eg in our twenties i once accidentally strayed into an anti semitic fringe meeting at the labour party conference not that i do not like the jews anyway twaw
why asshat @bwilliams still even has a job is beyond me .
the definition of fake news and dumbassery !
i absolutely love being called white .
i love being recognized for being white in everything i do and say .
i do n't just look white , i live white .
url
great post ! !
just commenting on one thing you mentioned - you can absolutely still date other women as a trans woman .
being sapphic is amazing and healing , and other queer women ( both cis and trans ) are some of the best people i 've ever known and dated .
catholicism sucks
another horrible g&m article based on toronto , sexism , feminism and the evil white male .
if you added some anti - trump rhetoric you would of had a globe and mail daily all in one article .
" i have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the state ... let me now take a more comprehensive view , and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally ... " 

 " .. this spirit , unfortunately , is inseparable from our nature , having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind .
it exists under different shapes in all governments , more or less stifled , controlled , or repressed ; but , in those of the popular form , it is seen in its greatest rankness , and is truly their worst enemy ... " 

 " ... the spirit of revenge , natural to party dissension , which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities .. " 

 " .. it serves always to distract the public councils and enfeeble the public administration .
it agitates the community with ill - founded jealousies and false alarms , kindles the animosity of one part against another , foments occasionally riot and insurrection ... " 

 - pres .
washington 's farewell address
hey china doll !
ni hao , ma !
breaking news : incel accidentally discovers that women are human , and that some of them are bad conversationalists with little to say .
seriously though , i 've met plenty of banal , witless , boring men and women .
it 's not a gendered thing .
if hitler hated gay people and women ... ... then who cut the hitler youth 's hair ?
episode 1 of 13 reasons why , already fucking with my head i ca n't
darrell revis took ya < number > receiver and made sure than nigga ain ’ t get < number > yards
> if going through a * * divorce * * is what makes you give up on * * life * * marriage = life for you ?
interesting .
> how is spending * * all your time bitching about women * * " going your own way ? "
that 's not true .
i also bitch about white knights like you , simps , manginas , cucks .... > you deserve to be a sexless gremlin thank you .
i wish you the best too .
is there anything we can do to blackpill the whole world ?
" i 'm going to ales tonight for the sole purpose of finding money on the ground that drunk ppl dropped .
that s what you call " " college broke " " "
she got the maddow dyke neck
say that to my face you soy boy neck bearded cunt keyboard warrior weeb ass bitch .
you do nt know what you just unleashed you piece of dogshit
" i believe in equality except when i 'm drunk and mad at women . " &
lt;-- why i do n't trust male feminists
right ?
fucking whore , you 're only gone for a week .
you ca n't go 7 days without having a cock in you ?
jesus .
she deserves everything coming her way and more .
she could beat brendan 's faggot ass
& gt;tfw pale skin in a white country 
 people think i have health problems or something
male version of " begone thot " ?
it is a good thing they relocated all of the new orleans katrina refugees to houston they will be of great help teaching the locals how to handle this flood
it is the perfect word to describe many men today .
after 30 years of uber feminism we have now emasculated many men and boys .
anyone notice that men are not very attracted to wanting relationships with western women these days .. ?
never mind actual committing marriage - suicide so that a man can get divorce - raped in our lovely society and family court , with such feminine creatures ... /s 

 young men , travel 

 travel to countries and meet some real , feminine women .
you will never be able to settle for one of these entitled spoiled women 

 and you wo n't become a cuck
yep the us census bureau officially classifies arabs and jews as white
i was shocked to read what this teacher supposedly said and do wonder what the mitigating circumstances could be .... anyone know ?
as things stand , no excuse seems acceptable .
having said that , i vehemently distrust the education department political head who seems more concerned about pontificating on every subject and has a ' holier than all ' aura when in fact he is at best a 3rd grade politician .... he should perhaps consider his position post 2019 elections ... though the electorate will help him there , limiting his options .
i also think of all those government ministers who were teachers , ostensibly .... angie , dlameni , gigaba ... it goes on and on .... and all corrupt !
yep communist nigger fag
only 4 dogs are tested from every team in the top 20 after they finish .
tests normally are done within 2 hours of the finish but seavey 's was closer to 6 .
all most are asking of the itc is for transparency .
where 's their evidence / paperwork showing they ca n't prove dallas did it ?
what 's their theory of how it got there ?
why are they not more concerned that dogs were drugged ?
the people like trump love war ( as long as they do n't have to go ) as it is good for the profiteers .
the military industrial complex loves it every time he launches missiles , i imagine in their offices every time one goes off the money counter starts spinning faster .
the two leaders will huff and puff , and ultimately nothing will happen except a lot of money will be spent .
creamiepie suck me huge full breasts blowjob for job mixed race couples url
but somehow jews are remembered the most .
killing people is bad , not trying to say that some are better than others .
just found some extra info on the subject[here](url but in russian
you are an incel using those woman 's attack to spread your evil misogyny be gone incel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
rd wants people to ignore the fact white males have committed more acts of terrorism in the united states than muslims .
he then sneers at cardinal cupich , because sneering is what the " humble and honest " rd does best .
gladiator : 

 " 2 : a person engaging in a public fight or controversy 
 3 : a trained fighter ; especially : a professional boxer " 

 just a couple of further definitions to broaden your use of language .
it might just be that those might apply as well as your selective definition .
as for brain damage , the evidence grows steadily that there is a very high cost to playing football in terms of brain damage .
the use of the term " brain damage " can be taken as a slur - your choice - or an accurate description of the results of repeated blows tro the ehad .
promised myself i was n't going out this weekend , but now i 've made plans to go to the fucking buttermarket y am i like dis
no , like i said , your rule changes would destroy the sport .
crackheads call themselves crackheads we all know black people who call themselves niggers savages and thugs but is not it different when a white says the same words let us keep it < number >
i 'd overfill that pussy with cum until it was leaking out and spilling everyone on your blanket , then i 'd start stretching your ass until it was sore and loose from my cock .
if you could summon mythical creatures , you ’d ...
mmmmm fuck .
i 'd lick your pussy and taste all of you .
lick up your sexy stomach and squeeze your perfect tits as i suck yoir gorgeous nipples hard and lick them .
mmmm fuck mill fuck you hard and make those perfect tits bounce !
wow !
welcome to stormfront first of all , secondly if your political party is only for scotland maybe you should put this in sfgb .
hi guys i got banned off twitter cos they did not like what i had to say about london muslim loving raghead mayor
the newright is scrambling around the trumpisawhitesupremacist tag trying to prove to racists that trump is not one doing exactly what non whites want it not so much nonwhites as it virtue signalling cowardly guilt ridden white bitches wanting desperately to show how not racist they are
girlfriend is hard pressed for shit to do now that her wrists are busted .
anyone got any suggestions ?
why is it that 4chan delivers more quality intelligence then the c.i.a and the n.s.a combined
she looks so much better getting fucked in the ass
what if ariana grande 's and mac miller 's relationship was a publicity stunt for his new album but they actually started to fall in love ?
i 'd like two tickets to the next show and a smile , caitlin .
if men are allowed to wear dresses why am i not allowed to say they are men ?
he should run for president !
he 'd be a shoo - in ; former wing nut trump zombies would fawn and drool over his ugly , disgusting mug , proclaiming him a " real man " engaging in " locker room talk " and behavior .
if anyone dared to disagree , weinstein and his tramp followers could throw tantrums and violently tweet about everyone is so unfair to him .
i am not " accusing all cops of wanting to kill people " , and it is another example of your lying about what i say .
in this post , you have abandoned the logical fallacy of the ad hominem , and taken up the logical fallacy of the straw man .
as well as the blatant lie .
get you a ugly nigga we do nt cheat
our condolences .
who the fuck is this insignificant simple minded redneck ?
when he gets a vagina he can decide what he wants to do with it .
where do you think federal funding comes from ? ? ?
lol think before you type .
i m aware that there are two sides it does nt always take two people and men are nt aborting babies .
but men two can keep it in their pants .
notice also sir i said women cause i was commenting on the womens rally .
i do nt see men rallying for federal fund of planned partenthood .
ghetto niggers know ghetto nigger stuff what can i say other than war is not ghetto nigger nonsense grow up lil guy your stupid is showing
latinas the best women
what is the celebrity term for transgender ?
transjenner
glad blabber buzz was on top of this story ! !
two inside out vaginas is n't that a dick it 's not like i have a uterus and ovaries hanging off my tip
do you want to join my new cult ?
potassium potassium potassium
jayda fransen britain first was arrested at today 's justice for chelsey demonstration .
never understood why you hoes ca n't never mind they own business 🥴
women always be crying bout some lil shit like damn it ai nt even got nun to do witcho
i 'm forreals a savqge got these thots me fucked up
y' all know the weather getting bad tomorrow cause even chad closed rockin ' jump for the day and that never happens & # 128514 ;
wall street bankers an the largest financial crime in history was a bush era legacy .
the only black girl i 've slept with , that bitch gave me gw .
this is weird but , iwould like to come out here in the nice comments .
* i am pansexual . *
thank u !
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
blah , blah , blah .
your premise that   women are stupid , and weak , and are either preyed upon , or protected by men is a common argument used by men who want to control women .
american women are for the most part strong , and smart .
they 've been taught methods of birth control and are in control of their own destinies .
they can do , or become anything they want to .
if you want to eliminate abortions , support planned parenthood , who does more to prevent unwanted pregnancies than any other organization .
< user > kash sulla meat dishes look garbage amp are served as if you are feeding refugees
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
and you 're gay because you 're gay
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > unfortunately people will get offended < percent > of them white people getting offended for blk people
< user > that gay but do mine
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
judging by the number of comments straight conservative males make on all columns glbt , i beg to differ .
i will be the first to congratulate some of them if they ever post on straight male sexual proclivities with the same righteousness and vehemence they reserve for gay men .
there a number of reasons that will never happen , the first being that dissing the sexual activity of straight men is considered effeminate .
' locker room ' talk rules the day .
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
we are wiring small houses and nothing stays connected and it was due by the end of today im so done
it does amuse me that they can dish it out all day but they can not take it especially < user > that faggot has zero testicular fortitude
bitches pussy
" i asked my sister to get my something while i was in the shower so she brings it to me and says , " " have fun " " and walks away "
boys do n't wear necklaces like that .
@dejungle _ @rosiemotene men are literally the weaker species .
statistically they have a much shorter lifespan than women in every country , culture and race .
women are actually superior .
q : will trump launch his own party in october or november ?
jz , you are simply wrong .
.
feel free to contact alaska airlines or carrs hr dept for more details .
no opiates should be only used for cancer patients and immediate post surgical pain relief .
it does n't even work long term .
it actually increases the pain response .
an interesting sentiment but only a sentiment nonetheless trump has emboldened the grip israel has on america he has largely overlooked the jew owned federal reserve and given free reign to kike bank goldman sachs both of whom were fined billions for crashing the global economy in < number > < number > maga
hmm , either english is like your 3rd language or your guys are all autistic .
" @arizzleindacut : females think dating a pussy is cute now ?
http://t.co/vxbjg26gsz " how does doing this stuff make him a pussy ?
very well sad .
it just amazes me that they can say coupeville is not effected if the navy leaves .. it is hard to find a person that is not in some way tied to the base either they are military living off base   or they are parents of military or they work at the base ..   or for that matter they work at one of how many business in oak harbor .
again lets pretend that oak harbor no longer is there i beat there would be alto of unhappy people and unemployed people .
yes it was talk like this that got our base on the closer list and there are town and areas that would love to get military to their town .
if it were not for the military oak harbor would not have water the base is the one that footed most of the bill for that and a ton more .
and to say nothing of our home values .
our hosptial would be in a world of hurt if all the military moved .. so tread lightly   and lets think .
or are we actting like children that their is no middle ground .
i sure hope we are adults here
< user > this is racist act against moslem < user > < user >
richard pryors album bicentennial nigger
" 09:00:00 t:39.5 ° h:62 % b:30.318 " " solar:415 w / m2 precip:0.00 " " p - rate:0.00""/hr .
wind:1.0 wchill:39.5 ° mostly clear with little temperature ch "
you talk down pride then you end up slaves of the jews i tell you i just ca nt figure it out crosscucks
bitches come & amp ; go ya know that
he sent pp pics that sexual abuse now fgm and having refugee daughter sex slaves not so much
" nothing to do with liberal or conservative , that 's just the way it works . "
good .
will you continue to say that if this case ever reaches the sc and is over ruled ?
if the 9th circuit up holds judge watson 's decision they 've been over turned 79 % of the time by the sc .
sorry , that 's the " reality " of the situation .
http://www.libertyheadlines.com/parents-sue-ny-school-hostile-environment-son-wears-dresses/?aid=7236
they used to have cracker and honky now they have antiracist them to us racist us and nazi does this mean i can say nigger faggot kike sandnigger and spic again fuck you anti white scum 😬
i support a real businessman who understands the economy over nut job cult people like junior out of touch with reality
do n't know if any of this is obsolete but it 's a start ...
@jisoos_blink aye dat shit was not called for u mad ova a rap hoe youn evn know u gotta be a troll son of all da shit you cud of said u went afta someone deceased .
i hope u get a parasite in yo dick i hope u get a virus n loose all yo muscles i hope yo nxt nigga give u aids !
shrimp dick
how many men here either ( a ) are boycotting marriage altogether ; or ( b ) having fewer children than they would otherwise because of divorce and child support laws ?
new testament do you even read any idea why christian women cover their hair until < number > but i say unto you that whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart matthew < time > yes this applies to dispensationalists
as the owner of two bmw 's , a summer driven only ` 01 330ci cabby ' and an ` 09 x3 i can tell you that the newer the bimmer the more outrageous it is to repair and maintain them .
the ` 01 is a keeper , the ` 09 , our last bmw .
if your heart 's set on one , peruse auto trader , there 's ultra low mileage e46 's out there , search one out and save a tidy sum , at the get go and in the future .
wait till " somalis lost their culture when islam came " twitter sees this url
snickers have come out with a white chocolate bar ice cream bar i can not stand snickers because i like my candy like i like my women no nuts
cool .
now do caged children , people without healthcare , unarmed black men , refugees fleeing horrible conditions and americans who want to go about their business and not be mowed down .
america 20:20 url
" ... he says same - sex marriage conflicts with his religious beliefs ... " 
 thankfully , those same beliefs will prevent him from selling cakes to divorced couples , or those who live together without being married , or some sort of pagans .
of course , in boulder he 'd be in big trouble because his cakes contain too much sugar .
to those who ca nt hold their shit and spoiled endgame you guys are retarded and jerks go die
imagine if horoscopes were n't fake as fucking sin .
< user > some white ass names
maybe the whole thing will get shut down .
now this minister will look bad again .
time to fire her .
just a friendly reminder 

 keeping mankind free since december 15 , 1791 

 the second amendment to the constitution of the united states 

 " a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed "
so violence is on the increase and all our lawmakers can think about is disarming the law abiding citizen to make us easier targets while they get armed protection .
so for all the gun control nuts who say hpd will respond quick enough - there is a substation a 1,000 feet from where the marine was killed , did n't do him any good .
law abiding citizens should be able to defend themselves from those who do n't care about laws , how many more innocent people have to die before we realize this ?
other states have allowed responsible carry and they are among the safest places to live since the criminals know that their victim might be able to fight back .
authorities are a gang of predators abusing the community harassing females and following them around the community needs to go to their house 's & destroy them .
a king of heaven   l.o.l. t.k.o.
fill in the blank 
 it 's all about the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
it already does !
there are suggested serving sizes and recommended portion amounts for age and gender
so then why would you be against taking away certain freedoms from women such as the right to race mix pornography lobby for sand nigger refugees etc
any time a man tells you to make him a sandwich , imagine it as " make me sandwich .
me am man .
me beat chest . "
ruben , got to disagree here .
if you and all your relatives , every single one , back to 1620 were systematically abused in every way possible , degraded and stripped of any dignity , you would n't post such statements .
if your gender , ethnicity or non - religious beliefs were only gotten through long and arduous trials in the streets and in the courts , after lifetimes of having to live out of sight of rich , white , christian males , you would not think the constitution protects any body that is not rich , white , christian and male .
when laws have to be passed to give minorities the same basic rights that are enjoyed by rich , white , christian males in our country , that constitution , flag , pledge ( added in 1954 , yup , you guessed it , by rich , white , christian males ) .
the only thing you got right is that sports fans are not really interested in the anthem , just when is that damn thing going to be over so the game can start .
only a small percentage of rich , white , christian males are even american .
honestly i 'm pro human rights as much as the next guy but incels should just be fucking shot .
i find griffins ' actions to be very extremely disturbing and i feel sickened by it .
what kind of world are we living in that anyone would even consider such an action and commentaries .
of course it 's a black college .
no room for whites in that gift ....
remeber they come at you with a smile then ask you hate jews blacks the mexicans not the illegal ones just regulars then ask you repent for your sins repent is another fake christian do not fallow there a wako texas style christian lmfao funny gay nazis whitesupreamist fbi will be watching 😉 🤗 🤗 🤗 🤗
" one wonders what a minister has to do to lose his or her job . "
based on trudeau 's track record : be white .
be male .
do n't have well - connected family .
and trump is handling it so much better ! "
i know you are , but what am i ? "
why ?
he 's the only one who spoke out against the proposed initiative .
i fucking hate that " the red pill " got invaded by boring , fucking conformist , play life by the book , conservative , bible thumping midwits , who are all about controlling people 's lives rather than setting people free to live their own life , warts and all .
that 's gay .
everyone is rightly speculating that trump 's going to start a war to draw attention away from his own and his administrations corruption and other highly suspect actions .
before , he might have started a war because he 's incompetent , unfit for the job and has the self - discipline of a grease fire when talking to foreign governments in particular .
now , he 'll likely go for it deliberately to cover up and distract from his illegal actions .
exactly even if it is done with malice who cares what someone says about you i am a bigger critic of my self than anyone else could ever be muh snowflakes do not like hate speech though fuggin queers
surprisingly the liberal msm has declared war on leading liberal men with misogynist attitudes .
alec baldwin is next .
hollywood is in line for the proverbial swamp draining .
no liberal male is immune .
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
dear jesus ,   we have a bunch of lunatics that worship some dog named allah trying hijack america , democrats that steal from us & then lie about it , illegal aliens that rape & murder our citizens & frankly we could use a little help down here please ! #
kag url
plenty
no more foreign ownership , period .
want to be part of # curiousfestival2019 ?
another artist opportunity is now live !
we 're on the lookout for 2 queer artists to present live responses to a programme of short films at @arcstockton !
url # lgbtq # arts # callout url
trans rights are human rights
from a talk show in taiwan : " the tragic of mexico is it is too far from god but too close to us " .
bmw deficient dynamics -   one of only two manufacturers in the whole of canada that does not participate in the lemon law protection / arbitration program ( camvap ) .
if u order a vehicle and your delivery arrives " dead - on - arrival " , guess what ? ...
tha lemon is yours .
bmw will argue that the warranty is a " limited " warranty .
their defect is your fault & the are not liable .
you get subjected to browbeating , run - arounds stone - walling   and psychological humiliation .
wanna sue them ? .....
fine .
it takes 10 years to get through the courts & in the meantime you have to   continue making payments on the defective junk u received .
my x5d was delivered with defective , leaking waste gate .
it was venting diesel fumes into the passenger compartment .
the diesel smell stuck on my ( and kids / wife's)clothes , lungs .. etc and stayed on for months ... could'nt get it off .
until i finally took a financial hit & dumped the overpriced   junk .
put the thooka down pussy nigga put yo fist up
the first thing they can teach the kids in those subsidized day care spots is how much tax daddy and moony have to pay now , and their own share of the trudeau debt pie .
question : what sets your friend apart from other women ?
answer : she 's different ... wtf???&#128580;&#128580 ; # datemyfamily
korean idols are perfectly handsome , cute , funny , stylish , hot , know how to dance , have a wonderful voices .
muslim moots we have like < number > days more before ramadhan time really fly so fast
> but in the next generations , this will no longer be the case - young children are now being taught that they can choose if they want to be a boy or a girl or a non - binary theybie or whatever they want to be .
they are being taught that anyone can be a man or a woman .
it is now a self - declared label .
and it is becoming utterly meaningless .
women are impregnating men , and men are giving birth .
female children will no longer be taught that they will grow up to be women .
i ca n't wait !
it sounds amazing !
typical libtard drivel from a man who has his head up is the dnc 's backside and is all too willing to comment against the potus knowing very well that he does n't all the facts .
his desire to trash our president is just a knee jerk reaction bent on scurrying favor from a soulless group of hollywood elites who defense pedophilia , sexual abuse and human trafficking .
tom is part of the old hollywood and sooner or later his bubble is gon na get busted when someone tells the story of his sexual abuses against women in his industry .
black is a word , the bot is a turd
< user > < user > probably right
i 'm sorry but i could never cuff a girl that fucked my mans smh&#128564 ;
enjoyed " wild , " digging the female - centered story , wish we made more nuanced , deep stories like it with nonwhite casts .
the us should withdraw all funding to countries that burn the us flag and fund terrorism .
hey palatable - whatever happened to " beautiful wonderful , great healthcare for everyone from your lying , clueless leader ? ? ? ? ?
i know - it does n't fit your narrative !
i bet you never sucked your uncle 's cum out your gfs pussy you faggot
apparently they did nt get to the part of the quran about divorce .
if you do nt like her then just kick her out and replace her , but do nt deprive her of her beauty .
no need to sabotage yourself on the day of judment .
so sad .
@politico i ca n't wait until the dialogue is about something more than these grab em by the pussy , likes em on the younger side , i ca n't be alone with any other woman , self - righteous monkeys .
they rule .
they dominate .
oh the high and mighty .
they 've made hookers outa everybody .
< user > north hindians amp islamists breed like rats not all
america needs to listen to the words of senator mccain and do the exact opposite .
in your world every citizen needs a bunker , a dog , a gun and a docile woman .
a civil society uses government to better its   citizens ' lives .
the rest of the industrialized western world has that figured out and one aspect is a health insurance system which works and it works because government makes it work .
i feel your pain , i always worry about what any partner would feel if i tell them i 'm bi .
i mean , if they 're biphobic good , dodged that bullet .
but sometimes they get so wrapped up in these feelings of insecurity and jealousy .
which i kind of get , but also , i could like anyone of * any * gender , and i like you !
there are tons of guys , gals , and nonbinary pals out there , but you 're the one who i like , and that should feel amazing , at least i think it should .
equality , freedom , and human rights .
it is such a beautiful things .
' you look like a keeper , can i have your number and see where it goes ' & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; maaaaatee it gets worse # indisguisephysco
i do n't need a gf 
 tfw u just fapped
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
hahah losers wanna chop their dicks off cuz they ca n't be happy in their own skin .
also popular among those young tumblr users is gatekeeping everyone out of the community that is n't l , g , b , or t. queer is a word that includes way more than that so they hate it url
@manuclearbomb so , do they think the only interaction they can have with woman is the bonezone ?
also , having dinner = a date ?
i ca n't ...
layla4 ... israel 's us lobby has been pushing hard for war against syria since the start ... and years before .
it does that because it views syrian autonomy under assad as a proxy for iranian power in the region .
you might remember that the us and syria co - operated quite comfortably back in 2002 when mahar arar was extraordinarily renditioned to syria for the types of interrogation that are illegal under us law ... bashir assad was in power at that time as well .
syria lies in ruins today because it was intentionally destabilized by the us , britain , france , turkey , saudi arabia and israel .... bashir assad needed only to look at what happens to regional leaders who lose in the middle east and who do not possess nuclear weapons to give everyone pause   to think before they rip a nation to shreds .
that would be " too many " africans .
while leftie morons suck fascist moslem cock oh the irony of such hypocrites
# whiteprivilege in vietnam : enlisted deaths : 

 — — — -- usa | usmc | usn | usaf — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 

 white | 28044 | 11888 | 1823 | 735 = 42,490 

 black | .. 5095 |   .. 1860 |   .... 78 | .. 82 = 7,115 

 just look at all that white privilege .
sweden already twice interviewed julian on politically motivated 2010 police / state ( not womens ) rape claims neither proceeded to charge / court to test !
now sweden wants to interview ( harass mentally torture him ) a third time on same dismissed claims !
while he s in medical ward !
url
kevin spacey raped me by making me watch all the way through that queer man fantasia american beauty in the hope of seeing mena suvari tits metoo
to quote war games for america : 

 " the only way to win is not to play . "
" " " after all , tomorrow is another day!""_____scarlett o'hara * * * vivien leigh * * * * * * gone with the wind * * * 1939 "
if you have n't figured it out yet , every single time it turns out that trump is n't going to meet one of his promises , his supporters move the goal posts to make it appear that he will succeed .
the funny thing is that they keep having to move those goal posts .
< number > members of antifa were arrested yesterday for aggravated assault i have < number > of their names they attacked women and police and pepper sprayed a young woman as well john aaron brian works for favor quintin hatt < number > manager at via < number > pizza both in austin texas
< user > < user > naxals are as bad as jihadis
i read a story that said they were adjusting the defense to help more in the running game and i assume that means using zone defense to protect themselves so the d - backs do n't get beat easily with man to man coverages by helping to defense the run .
i do n't know really what all that means to be honest .
are they afraid of leaving themselves open if the d - backs play closer to the line to support the fun defense ?
man to man might not be as effective ?
i do n't know .
i 'd be more worried about the speed of marshall and others of covering man to man than i would be of the d - backs .
maybe i did n't read the same story as you .
if i had a dollar for every gender ... ..... i 'd have $ 2 and a ton of counterfeit bills .
your response is clearly uninformed .
please read up on this case before adding your knee jerk , " she asked for it " comments .
oh , i was not aware that it is a woman 's fantasy to be assaulted behind a dumpster , while unconscious .
oh , and if the male was thinking that what he was doing was consensual , then why run when others find you assaulting a clearly unconscious person ?
two total strangers can see in a split second something was terribly wrong with that scenario , but he thought it was " ok " .
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
this is like sooooooooo relatable cuz i m brown too !
😂
that 's why i do n't like it when high profit companies / people advertise lgbt in the name of " support " .
i personally think it leads to more controversy towards the people and especially trans people .
i do n't want to rain on anyone 's parade either , but it 's also the reason why i 'm not such a big fan of pride month .
it puts a magnifying glass over you that can lead to you being put in danger .
sure , i 'm confident that i 'm mtf , but i do n't need big dollar companies trying to push stereotypes like kylie jenner to the public so they can see me as a hypersexual freak ...
you 're gon na cop a smiting from god for putting this out there ... how dare you belittle our loving pastor .
when the old faithfuls come back in 1925 they gon na get you ... sorry , meant 2025 ... abraham gon na put a shoe right up your disrespectful ass ...
yes , all of us are challenging you cocksucker bitchass fuckboy
to me , a faggot is anyone i make suck my dick .
i want the campaign promises fulfilled send them back build the wall moslem ban repeal replace obamacare
islam would like to have a word with you .
report more twitter accounts today , let ’s jump on this , stop being lazy .
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
bring back the likes of pope urban ii so we can have it out w the muzzies and kill the jews in the process w absolute immunity how can you not see the appeal of this life was better then
one of the great things about freeing up cops from having to chase people down for simply growing and using plants is they can go after the drugs that are proven to be amazingly damaging and destructive to society .
that being said , most people using harder drugs are suffering from addiction .
those people need help .
but the people producing for them should absolutely be locked up and fined .
if you want to shorten the sentence of s thief or a pot smoker for good behavior , be my guest .
but murderers and rapists ?
pedophiles ?
sometimes the punishment must fit the crime .
if those parents ca n't get their children back , why should this man ever get his freedom back ?
the inter racial couple and woman 's kid were murdered by locals who are friends with the pol;ice i 'll bet .
it 's a cover up
that does n't actually make any sense , but you knew that , did n't you ?
since pfds are what is helping 25 % of alaskans out of poverty , perhaps we should be doing everything we can to hold politicians accountable rather than allow them to steal our pfds .
" alaska has no billionaires " 

 alice rogoff is a billionaire ... married to the founder of the carlyle group , well connected businessmen and politicians who are war profiteers .
rubenstein has a net worth of $ 2.5 billion .
why was n't she listed , is she not an alaskan ?
strange that alaska does have a billionaire not mentioned who actually owns our most read newspaper which has been pushing for letting the government have their way with our money .
and because alice rogoff is a billionaire , she in no way needs to start charging for online readers .
interesting that she has to cut off dialogue just as the legislature comes into session with their plan to take our pfds and tap the fund every year .
it seems alaska 's billionaire has an agenda and it will result in us being less equal .
there are no chick with dicks only guys with tits
uncorcumcized people are the saltiest bit of losers lol .
sorry girls cringe when they see your disgusting smelly dick ✌ 🏼
i wanted to make my new black classmate happy so i got him a gift   it was a bar of dark chocolate
i have no sympathy for male feminists being victimized by metoo nor for women who lose out on hypergamy success because of it backlash for years feminists male and otherwise have called men heartless and sexist now men are becoming heartless to whiny bitches carefulwhatuwish4 lyingbitches
donald
looool offended indian men in comments saying " then how is india so populated " really have no idea how sex works , do they ?
if women had to orgasm to have kids none of you would be born url
how do i cope knowing 
 that girls only like nice guys when they are sad and lonely , the moment their self confidence picks up they will look for better .
will you meet with the congressional black caucus ryan asked trump responded i would you want to set up the meeting are they friends of yours black activists complain that trump assumes nigger ryan knows nigger caucus members he did not assume he asked if they were her friends
@sickboywolfgang @angryasianman so because it 's fiction it ai n't racist ?
okay ...
i guess this nigger and his mudshark are unaware of the merchant this is some hilarious trolling
beating a woman who 's not only pregnant but pregnant with your own child is the worst most malicious thing a man could do # mohsinabbashaider
how many ways can you spell homophobia ?
here is yet another example !
url
niggers are crazy
< user > when i say niggas i mean dykes nd guys 🤣 so actually i did not
bupropion hydrochloride 
 got a script for this today , apparently it does n't have any sexual side effects
if you do n't believe the dp 's coverage is credible , then why do n't you go read elsewhere ? "
half - riot " scans better than " three - fifths riot . "
go ask a poet .
" this mother fucker has a " " baby on board " " on his car and he 's fucking speeding in an area that 's super busy "
not only is my english teacher a lesbian but she also listens to tyler the creator makig her a shrine as we speak
could be the greater emphasis on functionality is shared between the styles of architecture .
kill em all put them hoes to rest 😂 😂 😂
< user > < user > hi idiot what about ramalingam who kiled by jihadi pigs and by the way he was tamil dalit hindu
i 'm not a misandrist but men are all " hey i can do anything you can ! "
but they 're always whining for help raising children and cooking
what 's similar between cooks and trannies they both cut the meat
l2 g : " you ’ve assumed and you ’re 100 % wrong in your assumptions . "
sir or madam , you 're incorrect . * * *
l2 g : " gossip .
kills . "
kill ?
little dramatic . * * *
l2 g " get real .
i ’ve lived thru both issues that i ’m addressing and you best just move on if you ca n’t take my word for it as a woman . "
i am real , not going and   you 've been raped too ? ? * * *
l2 g " take   my word for it as a woman . "
so you 're a woman ?
really ?
never not once , not ever , ever , ever did i think l2 g was a woman .
i wonder if jade , gladys and " cat"(atonic ) - assuming they are women ... ever got the hit you were a female .
if you are , my apologies for doubting you ... if you 're not , you might as well change your new screen name to kaitlyn ... you'll never live down trying to impersonate a woman ... i do n't know ... maybe i am assuming right there and you 'll feel completely natural . * * *
ok - here 's the biggie ...   how the beans do you know what is the truth and what is gossip ?
and sincerely , i think you are male , if not - big mea culpa
when the new batch of niggas come out
they do not mean to bring the fake refugees to their country u know it right they mean to build a wall around their border and shoot at everyone and at the same time helping other people to invade our countries
what the fuck you fake ass bitch
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
the cbc also hates christians , especially white male christians .
but they love muslims .
< user > this victor hugo guy sure sounds retarded you really wanna listen to him
twitter done ant was the main reason i went there and to make fun of libs blacks and feminazis looks like i can get all of that here and more
rt @thebloodshow : why all these hoes be wearin flowers around they head .
i hope a bee sting they ass
" @realdonaldtrump commander - in - chief trump used russian " " active measures " " against opponents .
intel house investigation "
yes , i agree .
not only would her thoughtful reflections be good for all of us to read , i also think an honest reflection would be particularly helpful to the democratic party which seems to be floundering with unclear policies which bounce from liberalism to progressivism to socialism .
i am an independent voter and have voted for both democrats and republicans in the past & will continue to do so .
i do not vote according to party lines but for the candidate that i feel best represents policies that benefit our country .
i think that both parties need to be strong and need to articulate very clear policies so that voters can better understand what they are voting for .
perhaps her writings and reflections could help achieve this .
i was not satisfied with either of the candidates that the last primary brought to us , so i am not satisfied with the outcome of the general election .
clarity in platforms would help us make better choices in candidates in both primary & general elections .
my ghetto has limits like i ’ m down for whatever but don ’ t be doing too much 🥴 🤏 🏾
she looks like the kind of person that lets her man go fuck other chicks because she 's not good enough in bed
i wo n't argue with ( b ) to ( h ) but i strongly disapprove of ( a ) .
if he received a conditional discharge , it has long since become absolute , which means he does not have a record for that offence .
also , the granting of a discharge , conditional or absolute , means that the sentencing judge considered the offence to be of minimal severity .
bc she 's a try hard moron
man that retarded old boomer fag has just been endlessly getting his old ass handed to him on here
8 fucking hours of my life gone on 13 reasons why and clay still has n't listened to all of the tapes
< user > ranking of jokers in order heath ledger joaquin phoenix jared leto
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
i would venture to say that susan is a good socialist thus she will do well in eastern canada .
< user > every single white person found dead in a ditch
lw1 : i agree with your parents and amy-- bad decision .
of course , letters that begin with " i am a however old , education , independent woman " are usually followed by descriptions of said women making stupid personal choices .
you do need to live your own life , and your kid does n't need mommy bringing her lovers around him .
if this guy is right for you , he 'll be right for you in a year .
no , but it 's a very important step to equality .
there are 180,000 class 2 injection wells operating in the u.s. 

 are you asserting that all of these deep injection wells are causing felt seismic events ?
if so , i do n't think that there is evidence to support your assertion that deep well injection causes earthquakes .
there have been multiple felt seismic events from injection in certain states , but the number of felt seismic events in colorado has n't been common .
my favorite is when the guy who almost gets kicked off plane / arrested for refusing to check his oversized carry - on quotes james at the staff
two inside out vaginas is n't that a dick it 's not like i have a uterus and ovaries hanging off my tip
i heard he blew his dick off i hope so this stupid muzzie should never reproduce we have plenty of stupid goathumpers we do not need this moron demon spawn sucking the goobermint tit
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
all i can say is thank god we will finally have a president who speaks in a language kim jong - un can understand -- militant wacko babble .
i 'm sure he and trump will have some wonderful conversations .
i wonder what percentage of cases in general ( not just sexual assault ) are not pursued because of lack of evidence or the unlikelihood of conviction .
would n't it be interesting if it was 80 % ?
what 's your opinions of your own mothers/ sisters .
@multifacettrash men are trash
the explanation about shepard 's death being a botched drug deal has not been proven .
evidence has since surfaced that suggest the killer had sex with shepard but experienced self - loathing for it due to societal pressure then cracked .
regarding the orlando killer , it 's possible that he was gay , but he was a muslim who lived with a woman he called his wife , and law enforcement officials have stated that he scoped out the nightclub where he killed people weeks before gunning those people down , and even went on grindr in order to try and understand the mindset of gay men before he proceeded with his heinous atrocity .
some of the men he met on grindr testified that they never had sex and that he was so " creepy " they left before anything happened .
but how telling that you would immediately jump to those particular conclusions in order to demonize all gay men as you typically do .
sick .
you were thinking that 's a defense of your deflection ?
it 's not , but that kind of thing was expected .
mchale , are you that arrogant in private life , or is it an act you put on here ?
i have only seen one video portraying a clear example of an " unarmed non - threatening black " suspect .
i am glad that individual survived and i hope he recovers fully .
i do n't count the castile video because it does n't show what actually happened .
i do believe that the castile shooting was a horrible miscommunication and   misinterpretation of intentions by the officer .
in nearly all of the other videos i 've seen , i can see the level of escalation that leads to the shooting .
this does n't mean that i think the officer is in the right or that lethal force is justified in some of the videos .
passive aggressive behaviors and refusing to comply with an officer escalates the situation significantly .
fighting an officer puts your life at risk , even defending yourself because if you disable the officer , you gain access to their weapon .
this puts the officer and the public at risk , they ca n't allow it under any circumstances .
the time to fight the police is in the courtroom , not on the streets .
yes we must invest in " stuff "
going to start exercising my constitutional right call people dumb faggots in public
egyptians in < number > bc be like omg what am i gon na wear today and then open their closet full of white linen lmfaoo 🤣 🤣 🤣
and just exactly what else would you expect from the retarded asshole justin trudeau
americans will not back down if it comes to my grand daughter being raped by a muslim i would slit her throat may sound harsh i love her that much
boss walks in w/ duke shirt on .. i almost quit , but then i realized i need this job and we just won the title lol # wegood
ca n't , he 's still up there in the polls .
like it or not , canadians ca n't resist the pot - smoking charmer .
" ..... middle - age man each wearing “ pussyhats , ” 

 how appropriate for contemporary liberal men .
juz had a cravin fo sum ghetto lobstah but coonent waid ta cook it up raht an sheeit
i miss the dunkin ' donuts on northern lights .
could walk in there at 3 am and have a total stranger invite me over to their table while they laid out a big ol' line of coke and invited me to snort up with them while we all scarfed down coffee and donuts .
hopefully , since i 'm admitting all this , the statute of limitations has expired .
anyone that blames 3 generations of americans for all their problems    is a mommas boy little bitch , need to remove the teet get out of the basement and maybe try to get laid instead of jerkin to porn .
i know and work with many indians and sikhs almost all are hard working polite honourable people who don t like blacks jews queers or liberals
bro fuck you if you had sex with a 14 year old girl i do n't care if that shit is legal fuck you
great album 
 you can download it on itunes
joder los eeuu me estais poniendo tostao solo k me gustais y soy de jesús de borrar vuestrro mindo kike solo eso
thank you .
remind that mary was a virgin , untouched by any man .
which means joseph never touched her , as roy " pedophile " moore is accused of undressing and touching the genitalia of a 14 year old , and other lewd acts with other underage females .
no woman makes these accusations lightly .
it takes great courage to come forward , even though now is the moment women are coming forward after decades of forced silence .
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
there are two types of people in this world male and female
interesting , and important , story austin , thanks .
in the late 70s and through the 80s i reffed basketball and umpired baseball and softball in eugene , and our associations provided officials for rural schools -- as far away as oakridge and elkton .
some of the most fun , and biggest challenges , i ever had as an official was working those small schools .
gyms that were also the cafeteria / auditorium , with endlines barely four feet wide -- and a padded wall awaiting .
baseball diamonds surrounded by trees , incredibly picturesque -- but for the angry fans in pickups who might follow us out of town for a bit after losing a close game ( only a couple times ) .
but for all that , it was a great slice of rural oregon , until -- as you note -- mills began to close and storefronts began to shutter on many small main streets .
coming to the end of an era is always hard , as your piece suggests .
brought back some good memories .
thanks .
humans have to stop behaving like parasites on this planet and concentrate on helping mother nature preserve and safe keep our wildlife   and   earth .
also some countries need to severely cut down on their breeding programs before the only food left will be each other .
i just grow tired of seeing queer folx get canned on daily especially since most of its not funny and we are losing queer black youth at a rapid rate
just about everybody in /r / bestof agrees : men are incapable of controlling sexual urges ; if you do n't give your husband sex he will cheat on you .
another few to look at is aoc , omar and talib ?
they hate america , they hate whitey / black men anyone american and its a fact they have access to weapons , are raging everyday , hate ou r president and have shown no knowledge of our govt?maybe they thought they attacked the white houseand got who they want to get?jussie smolletseeking revenge for his beating?maybe he thought there was a maga meeting there ?
why do we assume its a stranger ?
@overlysarcasmic @sairasameerarao perhaps it is because it is an easy way to differentiate someone ?
i have a redheaded friend that we call ginger .
we have a blonde girl we call toe(head ) .
one of the black guys is known as fro .
ca n't remember anyone being referred to as the color of their skin .
free eats on top of 25 but people jammed standing downstairs so we ca n't get on .
but why would you move to make space as long as you 're o.k .
your comment epitomizes a lack of decency and humanity .
to not only suggest that because blacks kill each other , what 's a few more being lynched by white racists / supremacists and then to implicitly equate / associate the lynching of innocent black men and boys ( as young as 14 ) with white criminals and rapists by suggesting that latter were also murdered by said white supremacists , is beyond reprehensible .
btw its 2016 , not 1980s .
according to the   southern poverty law center there are some 190 active kkk groups in the u.s. with between 5- 8,000 klan members , a rise which came with the election of a black man to the presidency .
its also curious how there the constant chant about black on black murders ( ` 90 % ) but never any mention of white on white murders ( ` 83 % ) .
my mom discovered she had cancer here , flew back home and was gone within 3 months .
i 'm grateful to all who contributed to the gratefalls so they can be close to loved ones during such a difficult trial .
godspeed and safe travels to you both !
there 's a lot of big booty bitches at pharr gym & # 128563;&#128584;&#127825 ;
i agree with you < number > those dam jew rats are ruining america with wars and their perverted agendas just like all the other white countries they invade and then destroy best to gas every last one of those parasite jews
please help support nonbinary pride , add a # twibbon now !
url
new election please .
i see several posts saying that toronto should raise residential property taxes .
it 's completely misleading to say that a toronto homeowner pays " less " taxes than eg :   the 905 .
what people are comparing is property tax rates , not the total tax bill .
the rates are per a phased in market value assessment .
therefore , toronto homeowners have seen a disproportionate rise in their property taxes as a result of the appreciation of their homes .
this means their total tax bill is proportionately higher for a physically similar property .
eg :   a 1 million dollar house in mississauga might be worth 5 times that if it were dumped into the middle of toronto .
using my own home as an example , i pay ( rounding down ) about $ 12k / year in property taxes ( i 'm including our separate garbage collection fee ) .
for that , i get old services .
eg :    i had to replace the old clay sewer line this year at a cost of $ 10 k ( city maple 's tree roots encroached and broke the line ) .
healthcare should not be anymore of a private industry than is national defense .
spain is mishandling this badly with its strongarm approach .
it should be negotiating with the catalan government , not dismantling it !
imagine if the canadian federal government dissolved the national assembly in quebec - that would drive moderates into the hands of the separatist movement .
arrangements set up by negotiation have to be updated by negotiation in democracies .
< user > < user > < user > while i enjoyed the dmz comic i can not support brian wood the creator of said series after he was exposed for sexual harassment multiple times
amusingly , as a chapotrapworship disciple , you are statistically far more likely to be the incel here . ;)
or a mentally ill tranny , or a live in your parents basement fat neckbeard , or all of the above .
tell that to an african american lol .
i agree 100 % what you 're saying but that 's not how the majority of black americans think , unfortunately .
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
the liberalization institutionalization and whitewashing of queer ness really has just anybody calling themselves queer even if their lifestyle political ideology completely contradicts the radical historical roots of the identity ideology bring back gatekeeping
i 'm cool with it , i do n't mind .
but if that person tries to make a conversation about me & amp ; asking bout my life , u as a friend should end ( c )
when my crush does n't comment on my pictures : url
did you know that using bitchute exposes your ip address prior to my public disclosure ?
yes we are starting to look at moving a few years down the road , perhaps entirely out of canada .
< user > did immigrants steal their hair or something
mh 01 ch 5498 this cab has over fast running meter ... travelling everyday morning from marine drive flyover to nature ( 1/3 )
@burlie towner .. why because trump loves the united states unlike you and the 4 skanks , right ? ?
who in the f%$ # was that announcer on espn ? ! ! !
could n't tell if it was a woman or man .
it was so dull , i thought i was listening to a high school football game .
nbc and fox are so much better at hosting and broadcasting the games .
changed my approach no more loving these hoes
i 'm not a misandrist but men have crybaby meltdowns in record time when you challenge them on their bullshit why so irrational
i will identify the culprit based on your last post the white nationalists are to blame for the white genocide in south africa get all over that shit
would love this to happen just the thought of a dick less sand nigger makes me piss myself laughing
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
how can girls fuck wit a nigga that do n't even take care of his own child ?
wtf makes you think he 's gon na take care of your ass 🤣 he ca n't even take the time to provide for his child dummy
lovely picture i just wanna know that how people see interracial marriage in these years .
i am asian btw so i do n't know anything about racism or history .
just curious about this , i wanna feel the atmosphere throughout your story .
@kaitmarieox bitch shit the fuck up .
this was yet another angry white boy , who felt the need to take 20 + innocent humans off this earth .
you sick fuck .
she s the man of all women
catherine the only place to get white kids is from white women and the only way to overcome the invasion is white kids
maybe its due to the fact that half the country absolutly villifies what they consider to be the source of every problem on earth , the straight white male .
if y all are so tolerant , slide some tolerance towards your scapegoat and maybe that scapegoat wo nt gore your society .
what did the kids from columbine say ?
that they did not feel part of society .
if y all want the shootings to stop , take these people back into the arms of society instead of alienating them .
pharmacist can only stock what doctors prescribe .
the pharmacies compete for business .
niggas ready to fuck all around greek life thinking that s gone give them brownie points or some shit y all obsessed and its weird 👐 🏾
title completely true !
i 'm one of those black women .
thanks to all the trump supporters who voted this man / child in .
we now have more problems to worry about .
that 's the way trump ..... make all our supporters hate us and then fight with the lolo with the bomb .
@vaugn ripen you need therapist .. or maybe 10 therapists .
clown ass bitch
here 's one way that chimp society is better than human society .
damn the torpedos - full speed ahead .
ca n't remember the bush nader connection ?
i do n't want to be frightened either and the donald is scary .
please , i so respect where you are coming from .. i am a stand me up at the gates of hell , wo n't back down type myself .
but there are some real ugly consequences to splitting that dem vote .
personally , i think bernie is savvy and classy enough to not push the issue as did nader .
he also can see the writing on the wall .
nader was .... a sick man .
he had had some significant strokes and he was n't himself .
he would have never put himself before a ... what seemed like a personal agenda .
bernie is much bigger than that .
if he gets the nomination , hot diggity - i will sing his praises .
but if he does n't , please do n't nader us .
# whiteprivilege in vietnam : enlisted deaths : 

 — — — -- usa | usmc | usn | usaf — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 

 white | 28044 | 11888 | 1823 | 735 = 42,490 

 black | .. 5095 |   .. 1860 |   .... 78 | .. 82 = 7,115 

 just look at all that white privilege .
baking a cake for a wedding is celebrating that ceremony and the acts which are the expression thereof .
do we want liberal sharia where christian bakers are bullied for taking what the bible says about homosexual activity sinful ?
why is it so important to get a wedding cake from someone with a religious objection when there are plenty of bakers with no objection happy to take the money ?
the comparison with segregation is just to invoke an emotional response .
there is no scripture that teaches black and white people ca n't eat together , but there is scripture that teaches marriage is between a man and a woman and homosexual sex is sinful .
what 's a klansman 's favorite type of cheese ?
white american
fucking aguero .
what we could do with one like him .
hey harry summat for you to learn niggers gon na nig
i keep two bowls of candy near my door .
between 5 and 7 , it is mostly neighborhood kids ( mostly middle class whites but a few middle class non - whites ) .
at the expense of repeating myseld whaddya expect from a free speech sm platform run by a kike and a street shitter free speech
that 's an example of the " diplomatic hyprocrisy " that is sometimes acceptable .
sa has an atrocious human rights record , but they 're far more important on the world stage than cuba .
ofcourse it 'd be better with chanyeol yixing and jongin there but as long as they re all happy and taking care of themselves : dd
@thetelleryt @rightstufanime lily is n't a guy , she 's transgender .
the alt right is full of feminists white knight captain save a hoe beta cucks
i would beat the fuck out this bitch wtf youn do no shit like that in front of a child url
i 've always been proud of the igbo tribe and our culture .
yesterday made me even more proud .
you people are too fine abeg . #
ogbakoumuigboday
fuck him like you fuck'n own him and get his fuck'n cunt hurt'n fuck'n good and fuck'n beggin ' for the filthy fuck'n good balls deep fuck'n unload ( part 1 ) 👍 url
please do not waste our money on this .
hyperloop is coming .
far far better to have something much faster than cars and as cheap , or cheaper , than cars .
regular train tracks should remain for cargo .
there is no need for immigrants to assimilate into canadian culture but those that refuse will be deported back to the shit hole these savage illiterate low iq inbred retards came from or we can simply execute these human waste
translation : these type of stupid trump jokes were already getting old by election time and you really need to move on .
the left and the msm were droning on with this for over a year and trump was so stupid that he became the most powerful man on the planet .
how ’s that been working for you ?
retweeted eileen ( @herredness66 ): @gaviota4pets urgent help this baby do n't let ny shelter murder him .
adopt / foster immediately .
< user > < user > < user > no wonder why muslim countries are not so well developed all they got to do is cry get yourself known whatever you are eating earning drinking leisure is triple the way we are enjoying so ya we do not give f about you
my doctor told me i should stay as far away as possible from trans fats i ' m going to miss tumblr .
this woman , who apparently lives in her own little bubble , reminds me of how really dumb people can be .... is she not aware of the deep seated black racism that is running rampant in the us ?
instead of concentrating on setting up phony arguments for banning certain words that accurately describe certain people , how about concentrating on how morons are pushing the idea that if you are white , you should be ashamed ?
personally , i would prefer our western world where white people have advanced our society to its current level to the societies in africa or the middle east where women are treated like sh*t , gays are thrown off of buildings , christians are hunted down and killed , men hide their women under rags and bugger little boys as sexual compensation , etc .
etc .
etc .
the hypocrisy of coddled dolts like this woman who attack anyone who does not agree with bending over and giving in to dumb ideas advanced by morons but ignores worse atrocities is pretty useless .
start shooting these niggas , laid eaze url
its just weird , that we still call female actresses " actors " .
why ? ?
i think transgender are ok , dunno if   i 'd want one next to me " in country " , preferable to colonel john o'connell vc and bar however @farrightwatch
look at the polls .
most german " " men " " are too cowardly and to even fight for their own country if it was invaded .
how can you expect them to stick out their neck for others ?
especially for the people they consider rebellious island monkeys .
oh look i notice all these little muslim bastards are out now speaking about carnage where the fuck are you when it muslims killing all of our people black white etc you bastards do not have my sympathy fuck you assholes i knew you could speak truth revealed maga fuckislam
now we have one who is both .
that 's why women be fat as fuck these days
todd , when you say , " we should not let the project be blocked , because the majority of hawaii residents are in favor of the tmt " you need to understand that the " majority " you reference are either here as a result of settler colonialism , a process whose very purpose is to overwhelm the existing population and make it disappear , or are natives who have assimilated to western culture to the detriment of survival of their native culture and lands .
he 's the unforeseen danger , the keeper of the key to the locks .
know when you see him , nothing can free him .
step aside , open wide ...
that 's gay .
lggbdttibraappabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz now i know my lggbdttibraapps next time will not you gay with me
a femi - nazi gives birth .
< repeat > " madam , your bab-- " " i ' m not a girl you pig !
i ' m di - neuto gender ! "
the doctor , obviously infuriated , is forced to keep quiet . "
well , then , your baby-- " " do n't tell me it 's gender !
i do n't want them to be forced at birth , let them choose . " "
ah , perfect then !
well * * * it * * * is dead . "
i hope he ends up being raped legally and then in prison raped for real
do not you just hate white privilege rednationrising
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
< number > pakis have been found dead in bradford it not terrorism related but thought to be due to a bunk bed collapsing police are blaming al ikea
@topgunmovie @tomcruise thank you for not replacing tom cruise with a non - binary , multi - racial alien .
women football announcers are so bad ratings dropped another < number > as nfl ncaa used women announcers this weekend to make up for the sexual harassment of nfl owners
i was a substitute teacher for the jackson mississippi public school system in the late 1990 's .
the person i am closing with called in sick then texted me happy birthday 😂 😅 fuck you to bitch
obviously nothing wrong with grabbing p*ssy .
lol   enjoy republicans , especially you so called religious ones .
women are made to serve man .
just listen to the donald , bill oriley and rush .
:-)
u.s. immigration and customs enforcement ( ice ) said wednesday that its officers had raided seven food processing plants in mississippi and detained approximately 680 " removable aliens "   " the largest single - state immigration ... url
“ the president can sign whatever executive orders he likes .
but the law is the law , ” said republican sen. john mccain , tortured himself as a prisoner during the vietnam war . “
we are not bringing back torture in the united states of america . ”
= = = = = = = 
 and yesterday some one claimed trump 's executive orders are not for bypassing the law .
lol
bday u ke?halamak bro hahaha happy birthday hakim !
i will torture you more in the future with delicious food in instastory ok @hakimamirul
why do n't u go choke on some dicks
" rt @uptokhalil : y all be like " " too bad i have no friends " " lmaoooo well that s too damn bad "
perhaps i m wrong but was nt yemen part of the holy land ?
hope it get some blessing asap .
but a man 's self worth should be related to masculinity .
interesting that it 's a joke when hilary makes nasty comments about trump , but it 's mockery when a trump responds to her " joke " .
attention all you right wing straight christian males please quit going around killing people in the name of jesus you are making other christians look bad you are the religion of peace how often do you here mudslimes say things like that one in < number > million
it is islam because not all islamic terrorists are sand niggers you fool
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
people need to realize you need to change the code in a garage door opener .
all openers of the same make are set to a per - existing code ;   they are not different .
even changing one number on the code can keep someone from using an unaltered garage door opener to open your garage .
i watched a special about it , and the crew drove down a block and opened no less than 6 garages with the same opener .
if you want to keep your property safe , educate yourself .
two week gaf ban for shouting down people equating rachel dolezal with people who 're transgender .
worth it .
earliest memories : • wondering if i constructed this reality which i 'm experiencing • wondering if everyone 's perception of reality differs
this fag took this mans cock for me .
i sent this boy to a hotel , and told him to find a a cock to wreck his hole .
listen to those moans , fuck yes .
good faggot 😈 😈 url
would love to shoot my load over your sexy fuckable arse
ask the bag lady where the 153 tons of gold went after the libyan treasury was looted .
her and harper destroyed the only stability in the region and turned the country over to .... isis .
our former muffin man of a pm was good for a global laugh after his ' victory ' parade and flyover in ottawa .
even hillary was n't that stupid , and obama called it the worst failure of his(hillary 's ) government on his two term watch !
white supremacists are already enlisted , for a chance to kill brown people for ideological reasons .
not only is that horrifying in and of itself , but that evil always eventually comes back home to roost .
url
that what my old man did he was one of those assholes that liked to fight lol knowing how to fight may not save you from a gun or nigger pack attack but it let us you go thru school without worrying about being sum1 bitch
i hope we meet one day thanks for making a little more hopeful every time you smile , love you @linzzmorgan
all of the blood spilled in all of the wars and they want to hand the car keys over to illegal mexicans ghetto rats and gender fluid leftists
go preach in chicago will ya .
there 's different colored assholes everywhere .
i get so sick of this black and white shit
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
religious beliefs should n't allow shelters to refuse transgender people .
# wednesdaywisdom url
@stupidsmallbi @softkags ksjsksjk yeah it was always " no homo " and " platonically " bc u were married to kaito sksjsk
< user > < number > interracial violent victimizations excluding homicide between blacks and whites last year including white on black and black on white attacks blacks committed < number > of those interracial felonies or < number > % , and whites committed < number > of them or less than < number >
i was away for the weekend that is why i did get around to posting my blood group ( i do n't see why i should bother anyway ) btw , i am in blood group ` ` o ''
we have received " criminal punishment " such as " a penalty sentence " .
and they are foreigners who have been forced to repatriate .
we arrest a third party for " supporting " the aforementioned " illegal labor " of foreigners .
the victim is me or " kin gungaku who is chinese " .
what is it about the reality of what 's going on in chicago that liberals do n't want to discuss ?
i m sure those moab bombs do nt damage the homes of hard working christian arabs right ↓
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
" we ’re reminded that the type of christianity president zuma subscribes to is seemingly not the version which helps him to live an integrated , honest and trustworthy life . "
do n't you think that s putting it a bit mildly ?
the man is doing the opposite !
i mean i d still call you a retard afterwards
hooey most police are local tell you what you go into the ghetto where they are killing each other like flies and bring a fucking fairy wand report back if you live
do n't hit me up asking for drugs or asking if i want to do drugs with you ... i fucking do n't .
roll that weed bitch 
 shake that ass hoe
missing from the article is any mention of the culture / religion to which the man 's attackers belong .
although anti - gay bigotry and assaults were in steady decline since pierre trudeau decriminalized homosexuality , changing demographic patterns - i.e. the importation of people from cultures where homophobia is firmly entrenched - are contributing to a rise in anti - gay violence .
it is ironic that l / liberals do n't connect the dots .
it will be a long time , if ever , before the adherents of a seventh - century cult accept sexual diversity .
what is even more ironic is that many in the lgbtq community do n't connect the dots either .
holding a " welcome refugees " sign when those " refugees " would gladly see you dead is not merely naive ; it is stupid beyond belief .
if gay men want acceptance , they will have to fight back more than ever before .
given the vicious enemy that they face this time however , the gay lib struggles of past decades will look like a proverbial walk in the park .
by comparison .
taehyung just joined university works part time in a coffee shop with yoongi gay
just remember that the bitch commie girlies and their low iq muds are going to slink beneath the shield of the cuckservatives and alt lite when their independent operation folds like a congolese coup then we will have our civil war with someone who can fight
i want a truth and no reconciliation these fuckers who have done this to our lands must confess that they lied to shitskins and flooded our lands to destroy shitskins must be told the truth we knew you would fuck shit up so we sent you into white lands
arabella sending wedding cake slices to anny and sarah with a message saying in remembrance of good advice she really is that bitch i love it
yes , she wo n't try to undermine the electoral process by claiming it 's rigged .
she wo n't call for white people to intimidate colored people at the polls on election day .
she wo n't compromise national security by asking putin & cronies to hack us govt servers .
she wo n't try to destabilize the country by goading her supporters into violence against government workers , anyone with less fascist views and people who are n't white .
hillary has her problems but she just wants to be president of the united states .
trump however wants to supreme overlord of whatever wasteland exists after his supporters have torn down the us government and killed , scared off , imprissoned or subdued everyone who is colored , muslim , mexican , liberal , physically handicapped or a woman who wants the same rights and respect as men get .
better social experiment shove a kike in an oven see if he cries out in pain as he strikes you
before we talk about spending another dime on trails , parks , parking lots , etc in central whidbey .
ie under and around the expanded flight path .
the county is going to have to redirect those dollars to mitigation funds .
( state and county governments typically foot the bill for these things not the dod ) 
 funds for things like : 
 noise proofing homes and business to meet the noise profile of the new jets .
noise easements .
business mitigation .
and tax abatements to name just a few .
5.6 millon $ $ will be just a drop in the bucket for that the cost will likely be 5 - 7 times that .
and since no one has really looking .
skagit county is a probably as big or bigger benefactor of the base than island county maybe they should chip in also to bear a portion of this burden not just the island county tax payer .
because dealing with it now will save millions later when only the lawyers will win .
if we smart enough , look back to american history are this country belong to native country so that makes all of us refugees every one 's need to think about that before we hate each other more , i feel sorry for my kids to grow up see people fight for races we all have red blood .
no white no yellow no black
hey lib troll why is it that canada only produces 1.6 % of all the worlds carbon emmissions being about the cleanest of all ! , ,
save the per capita bs , this is about our entire country , and we do nt do squat compared to the others , , 

 now tell me if we hit the 30 % goal reduction that is .5 % of the worlds carbon so tell me how much cooler the world climate will be as we tax billions out of our economy ! !
i 've been paying monthly subscriptions for wwe network and i did n't even fucking know .
that means i could 've watched wrestlemania fuuuuckkkk
he talks alot about both of those subjects never once does n't he start talking about white suprem stuff .
can you link a video of the exact one where he 's acting racist ?
my god but i am an opinionated bitch today but just sayin chelsea has rather redeemed herself lately hats off to her thought she was a worm but she turned
regarding this- >   " tired white guy like you . "
that xray vision of yours is seriously malfunctioning .
( mine musta broke , otherwise i could write " tired old black woman like you " right ? !
haa haaa ! )
why is it that colin kaepernick now will stand for our national anthem if someone will sign ( pay / hire ) him , and yet before , he would not ?
see , i can spell hypocrite and i can define the word too .
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/hypocrite 



 on a practical note , i am glad ( and i do believe ) colin kaepernick is doing things for his community(s ) -
' 
 lift every voice and sing , 

 till earth and heaven ring , 

 ring with the harmonies of liberty ; 

 let our rejoicing rise 

 high as the list’ning skies , 

 let it resound loud as the rolling sea .
sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us , 

 sing a song full of the hope that the present has brought us ; 

 facing the rising sun of our new day begun , 

 let us march on till victory is won .
.
there 's more : 

 https://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/lift-every-voice-and-sing 

 .
i 'm not a financial supporter of hsus or peta .
i would love for all animal organizations to be perfect , but am grateful for many things they are doing , calling attention to things that need to be seen and addressed .
corruption is rampant , but to a much greater extent in governments ,   and corporations that run those governments .
to those entities , people are only important as consumers , but otherwise mean nothing to them , and , like d.d. , they do n't care at all about the animals .
what is the best instagram follow / unfollow / stats app for ios ?
i just switched from android and it does n't have my app . & #
128553;&#128557 ;
this item does not include volumes 11 and 12 , which have not yet been published .
when people do n't want to pay for it .
y se acab&#243 ; ! !
mexico wins 3 - 0 !
that 's my team bitches & # 10084;&#65039;&#128154 ; # vivamexico
dermal fillers are often a kind of soft tissue designed to enable injection into the skin for purposes of improving appearance . #
wrinkles
@sacb0y @metkis the same ?
living in the city as a conservative you see truck decals that say they want to shoot you ?
you get complaints about the color of your skin ?
one 's gay the other 's autistic .
​ it 's what fags learn to do vs autists
... " ' episkopos ' ( overseer , guardian ) , ' presbyteros ' ( elder ) and ' diakonos'(servant ) for the first two centuries " ..... 

 maybe for the first two centuries the christian church followed the thinking in the epistle to the hebrews , and avoided trying to have any ' priest ' other than jesus , our ' great high priest " who made any other ' priests ' unnecessary .
but afterwards the thinking and attitudes of needing a ' priest ' to represent the rest of us seems to have crept back in .
whatever they did in the first two centuries no longer applies .
monica seems to be speaking of our current ' reality ' .
if you could be remembered for bringing about the destruction of only one thing , what would it be ?
the koch faggots and friends should be ovened
bitches love attention
some days i get so serious some days you ’ ll think i ’ m retarded and too playful 😔
dylann roof , a white man who shot up a church full of black people , was charged with a hate crime and sentenced to death by our garbage federal justice department .
however , emanual samson , a black man who shot up a church full of white people , was n't charged with a hate crime , nor was he sentenced to death by the same federal justice department !
evil federal government double standards ! ! !
the garbage federal justice department also did n't charge the black serial killer named frederick demond scott with hate crimes after he shot ten white men in the back in kansas city .
what the fuck!!!???teye
the couple who rented the house had certain responsibility for people living under their roof .
they are the ones in charge of that house and looking after the people who are living there is their responsibility .
why would you say that they are not to be blame ?
it is like saying that the couple had no control , no oversight , no insight in what is going on inside their own home .
buck have to stop somewhere and usually it stop with the people who are in charge .
the responsibility can not be shed so easily as you and others may want to .
yes white men are being denied jobs with the government .
the sexist race based policies of trudeau are driving a wedge in canada .
ah yes , thank you
as tears ran down cardinal timothy dolan fat cheeks he begged that all the refugee immigrant muds not be deported for he knew he needed a fresh supply of brown boy meat racistfanfiction
i need to find a hooker who will do anything for 50 bucks .. i have 2 papers and an online exam due by tomorrow
the media is the gas that keeps the fires of hysteria , fear , and moral outrage roaring .
they do all they can to feed the frenzy of out - of - control sex offender legislation .
even when a sex offender in fla won the 3 million dollar lottery , the media reported the story and the haters came out of the woodwork and tried to find every way imaginable to strip him of his winnings simply because he is a registered sex offender .
of course the media does n't want to give major coverage when sex offenders win their rights back .
the main - stream media is not a sex offender 's friend in even the remotest sense of the word .
yellow journalism rules the day where sex offenders are involved .
i look at the mudslime news from europe and think i wish some goat fucker would try that shit down here in louisiana just get within < number > feet of my daughters and that s your life over checkout time mohammed
fuck islam and fuck every muzzie muzzies are wifebeaters and goathumpers the only good muzzie is a dead muzzie i want them all to be good muzzies
easily offended landwhale girls , pretentious fake girls and control freak girls beg to differ
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
hot tranny mess .
as far as branding goes , how is the corporation going to feel when their name is associated with the park when it falls into disrepair ?
but bill 78 is going to fix every maintenance problem we have in the parks system right ?
show me the mechanism in bill 78 where parks maintenance & recreation services division is ever going to see a dime of this money .
a transneutral human is hitchhiking and an old trucker pulls over to give the hitcher a ride .
after about < number > minutes of silence , the gender fluid person asks " well , are n't you curious if i ' m a boy or a girl ? "
and the old trucker says " not really , i ' m gunna fuck ya either way . "
finally found it taken nearly an hour thursday channel < number >
she 's pretending like she do n't miss you .
you 're pretending like you do n't care .
ego is a hell of a drug .
it actually baffles me how someone can be racist homophobic transphobic islamaphobic anti semitic etc like how and why
my love for tupperware in stemmed from the fact that 
 it was easier to pack and eat cold leftovers in a stall or a staircase than it was to buy lunch from the cafeteria and then leave :))) ) ) )
< user > you should support families victims of illegal alien crime but you do not you should fight against abortion but instead you condone it including late term and even after a baby is born what a ghoul you are northam
nigerians number one problem is n't political leadership , but in particular how we choose our leaders .
read this article and you will see that tribalism and where you come from is the first criteria before meritocracy .
this has to change !
url
one in 5 reported abuse victims is female , including marie collins , and the victims of shawn ratigan , and the intended victim of seminarian joel wright .
twenty percent is not trivial .
and the female victims of male clergy can not be dismissed as an issue of homosexuality .
apparently , heterosexual clergy have abused at a percentage that can not be considered trivial , especially to those females who were victims .
seminaries could also screen out heterosexuals to prevent abuse of female minors , but then we would be left with just eunuchs .
so the " rateme " subreddit just ignore ugly males , but when they see a 19f they go crazy with the praise
this is why everyone hates white girls url
it ain t about black or white cause we are all humans
the lawsuit was because he was not given due process , it has nothing to do with injuries .
our government did not follow our laws .
we have laws that deal with war crimes , murder , terrorism , treason .
our government decided not to follow them .
that is why he got the settlement .
with a current 25 % discount on the dollar ,   a tariff of 30 % does n't sound so bad .
surely the canadian softwood industry can live with the equivalent of 5 % tariff especially as it get its raw wood at a 25 % discount of world prices from the province .
that is so damn hot , your clit looks so damn tasty , daddy wishes he fuck you
yall know serena williams is a man .
you ca n't tell me what i mean when i say something , faggot .
twitter use to suspend me and when i got back on i d lost hundereds of followers they finally banned mebecaue this muslim who threatend potys i reported her to her busness fbi she called my home threatened me i bet she is still on twitter
so as long as immigrants behave and respect british culture they can stay .
dick stockton has been fooled into thinking a white hot dog wrapper blowing in the wind is a penalty flag multiple times today
💪 sarah needs hard cock in her office and down her throat url
i 'm so bored of the " terfs vs trannies " garbage and wish everyone could shut the fuck up about it , both sides not just " terfs " .
we have so many bigger fish to fry . "
terfs " have literally no power at all , idk why so many people think they 're such a huge threat to trans people .
i 'm infinitely more concerned with the fact i have mountains of student loan debt and rely on medicaid for healthcare , or the fact the earth is basically fucked from climate change , than some idpolista calling me a man in a dress or some shit
lol .
islam started with extermination of the polytheists and conquest .
mohammad took sex slaves .
the hadiths are absolutely full of hateful shit .
> allah 's messenger ( ﷺ ) said , " you ( i.e. muslims ) will fight with the jews until some of them will hide behind stones .
the stones will ( betray them ) saying , ' o ` abdullah ( i.e. slave of allah ) !
there is a jew hiding behind me ; so kill him . ' "
url
agreed .
that 's the thing i 've learned about moral high ground ; it is what people make up to justify what they do .
the koran says the only way a gay moslem can get to paradise is by killing infidels those infidels you kill will be your slaves in the afterlife so thankfully he preferred brown men as several survivors claimed to have slept with him
well , i have seen the shirt on a couple of my black friends but never on one of my hispanic or white ones , so i 'll just leave it at that .
it 's sort of like years ago , one of the black platoon sergeant 's i knew was aghast to discover that one of our officers had wound up in oakland at about 11:30 pm in a soft - top civilian jeep and survived the visit .
his response "   " man !
black people do n't be on the street at that time of night in oakland ! "
he was n't reluctant to use the " n - word " regarding some of his ethnic persuasion when he thought they deserved it .
that was a constant in the military .
the lazy , the intentionally incompetent , the slackers on sick call ; the ' real ' black soldiers threw the " n - word " on them regularly .
we honkies could n't use it , but they certainly did .
different cultures are just different cultures .
fucking aguero .
what we could do with one like him .
until they can manage the taxpayer 's money , reduce property taxes , and stop encouraging the " travelers " from coming to eugene , and make a plan to end homelessness instead of accommodating and growing it - i say let them work from a tent !
from the article :   " so many cities across the united states ( such as berkeley , philadelphia , san francisco and seattle ) have all signed up , too .
in all these places , it 's working .
it 's the new norm . "
cook county illinois ( which includes chicago ) passed a sugary drink tax on july 2 , 2017 .
voter reaction was so hostile that the cook county board was forced to repeal it   on october 10 , 2017 .
shortest lived tax in illinois history .
opposition was measured at 87 % of the voting public .
people resented the increased cost and being told what to drink by the elites .
most people understand that it is not just one food item that is the cause of excess weight but a combination of one 's overall diet and exercise habits .
that 's why a tax on sugary drinks is both short sighted and meaningless and should not be   enacted into law .
this private shit pisses me off 
 why i ca n't get in when it 's private ?
do n't worry , i 'm sure no one will be like " what a great idea " until a dude takes credit for it . &
lt;3
fuck mohamed and fuck sand niggers like you
attn all : i 'm taking down @randi_ebooks/@gater_ebooks for maintenance tonight for & lt;1hr .
block lists will still function , just not markov .
gay scrotum fly away and toms a nonce
meanwhile , back on planet earth : 

 investigation not reopened .
huffington post : news outlets dial back reports of fbi ‘ reopening ’ hillary clinton email case 
    
 no emails had been withheld .
nbc news : “ the e - mails comey announced today were not originally withheld by clinton or campaign . ”
emails not from clinton ’s server .
bloomberg : new clinton e - mails not from her private server , ap says 
    
  emails reportedly not to or from clinton .
los angeles times : “ the emails were not to or from clinton ” 
     
 no indication emails bear significance .
comey memo to employees : “ we do n’t know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails ” 
    
  many emails likely duplicates of ones already turned over .
thinkprogress : the ‘ new ’ clinton emails might all be duplicates .
as i have said before if you have not been called a kike nigger faggot on gab you are doin it wrong < happy > i hope you get better soon flu sucks
there are lots of facts out there that show you 're statements are incorrect .
why do you   refuse to look at those facts ?
or perhaps you 're being paid to post the lie that facts do n't exist .
i 'll presume the former and ask a question you soon will have to face : when the first , second and then tenth rico , obstruction of justice and/or espionage conviction is made of a trump campaign or white house staffer , will you stand with america or continue to be a russian patsy ?
hi , i ' m trying to move myself and my three year old son up to northern california or even out of state somewhere near woodlands and i am curious if anyone knows about places i might be able to stay for cheap or free or if anyone has a contact .
if every muslim was to work and learn english instead of faking back pain for dole put britain first the problems would be drastically smaller coming from a british muslim britainfirst britfam
do moslem or other ethnic children go through this or is it just the white children
man there s been alot of stuff on the news about it .
the last week we ve been on the front page of the news paper 3 times and on the news every night .
i did read it .
he could have commented on the attack itself , i.e. good or bad .
he could have talked about productive ways to preserve american manufacturing jobs , but he did not .
he only griped about trump 's attempts with carrier .
it is so easy to carp and criticize without suggesting constructive alternatives .
so you really think assad 's government ordered the chemicals to be used ?
even though a self interest analysis reveals that the killer rebels had a much much stronger motivation to use them ?
i swear these little queers have nothing better to than make themselves miserable
oh so i guess you never get fi read   sexalations 6 verse 9 " tho shall not full satisfy a woman once she has a man , because thoet will be sorryet when the women catch feelings " url
why can not it be neighborhood or local friends with these people it always has to be our community the word shares a root with communism and that no accident ellen i am not part of your dyke community
learn a different character faggot
fuck him like you fuck'n own him and get his fuck'n cunt hurt'n fuck'n good and fuck'n beggin ' for the filthy fuck'n good balls deep fuck'n unload ( part 1 ) 👍 url
bitches call me trifling like they wo n't turn around and copy my every move .
suck my dick !
steve bannon and sebastien gorka must both be shown the door .
just read the phrase " feminist agenda " and snorted into my cereal .
yes , let the international conspiracy be unveiled !
< user > enough of ur communal secular rhetorics yes india will welcome every refugee except muslims bcz we have already given them a seperate nation on basis of religion why do they want to live in india after being allotted an entire nation as demanded by them fr muslims
got on brookings inst website today they had two insightful stats up blacks and whites are more segregated today than several decades ago and the majority of black middle class youth are downwardly mobile diversity has failed
" " " after all , tomorrow is another day!""_____scarlett o'hara * * * vivien leigh * * * * * * gone with the wind * * * 1939 "
say , bill , what sex was jesus ' dad , god ?
was god a male ?
if so , and jesus and man are in his likeness , what did god do for sex ?
was jesus a bastard , i.e. joseph his dad was n't his dad ?
that would make mary a cheater and joseph a cuckold , right ?
no when a foul pig , like   trump does not immediately stop when asked to , then it becomes a problem .
i 'm sure in the past when women were groped by men in power or with money .
that not all their advances were spurned .
it really only becomes a problem when the man is asked   to stop and he does n't   at that time the woman should report it immediately , and not wait almost 20 years or more in some cases to say that she was violated .
it 's not just rich and powerful men to do it .
man you are as usual a complete left wing ignorant sheep
first , please be clear on what ' unions ' you are talking about .
second , the shipping companies i believe are charging what the market will bear and a new entrant will put pressure on all carriers to lower rates on certain ( maybe all ? )
routes .
this is just like the airlines in another comment here .
i suspect that tote 's operation will focus out of seattle ( at first ) where they enjoy an established customer base that they already serve on their alaska trade .
a rate war will serve hawaii consumers in a positive way , at the expense of the shipowners .
finally , tote will enjoy lower daily operational costs because they will use a lower cost labor unions aboard their ships and run them with lng fuel .
these are two of the biggest costs associated with routine daily ship operation .
so the " pressure " will likely be on matson and pasha to match the lower freight rates tote will charge on their preferred trade route .
its up to the hawaii customers to select their carrier of choice .
its really fucked that the more forgiving&amp;compromising you are the bigger target you paint on your self .
might as well beg to be hurt
goals help focus you on areas in both your personal and professional life that are important and meaningful , rather than bei # thegreatquote
i want roy moore to win even if it only to hear all the kikes commie faggot scum screaming about inbred misogynistic toothless alabama hillbilly white trash
you make us bengalis proud 😂 😂 its in the blood my man !
@trista fravel well charles darwin would have loved to have met you .
the first real example of humanity devolving .
i really did n't believe people like you existed , how can we be the same species .
homosexuality has been around since the dawn of time , and you think you can find a cure for it .
i can smell a bitch nigga from a mile away .
type of nigga so bitch , he should put bitch - made on his license plate bitch url
< user > < user > mr jihadi rapist of < number > year old and protector mass killer osama hiw do you do
thanks for the condolences , ray .
it feels a bit better knowing that i 'm not alone .
google news allows me to omit and/or give priority to certain news sources , and i put ncr on the " rarely use " list .
it 's a shame , the articles are thought provoking , but i do n't know what else to do about it .
the folks who censored my comments wo n't miss me !
yup , paint it black or gray(paint from od green),put in a different package , change the name and triple the price .
companies that produce less lethal munitions initially made for military   which was bought in bulk .
they are also the same companies that produce dispensers .
it 's all about money .
saw a documentary a couple of years ago on the part still destroyed by the flood everyone complaining about injustice and racism of someone not rebuilding their ghetto in a non gentrifying way of course which was run down before the flood they expect handouts
lets grasp at straws rather than face the obvious cause of the disparity , black men are arrested for things that white men are not arrested for .
clueless boomer jews do nt want refugees because muslims hate them
unlike satan , your so - called god has amulti billion kill - streak , is rapist , hypocrite , cunt and not real
justintrudeau your another fool take in the muslim immigrants they will take over canada kill you your family they despise you read their history sharia law sex with animals child brides marryoff one of your girls justin
there needs to be a negative term for a man that has sex with many women 
 " player " is a positive term 

 " slut " is a negative term but its only used for women 

 what s a negative term that can be used for men ?
i came a long way mentally , physically and emotionally ; i be damn if some fuckers try to take that from me ✌ ️️
34 years old and triggered the mention of women .
bet he kills himself within the next 5 years .
lol wat
this choice is going to be a brilliant recruiting tool for isis and islamic terrorism .
donald trump has promised to defeat both those things yet has just made them stronger .
clearly this is a man who does not understand cause and effect .
so muslim is back killing people with truck again islam the religion of peace etc
god shall judge us all ... wonder why this country and the world is going to hell .
all the blatant sin and unjust killings - in and out of the womb
this " eviction " is a photo op .
the ongoing brutal displacement and dispossession of palestinians ( al - nakba ) continues backed unconditionally by the usa / eu / uk .
this colonial - settler state based on a religious and ethnic orthodoxy ( zionist project ) is the root cause of the conflict .
this has to be the joke not only of this century but the last one too .
a dictator , a despot , a person who has diminished zimbabwe into one of the poorest countries of africa , with one of the highest rates of hiv / aids .
i am disgusted and dismayed .
you are quite right : 
 -god created women to serve the sexual " needs " , reproductive requirements and otherwise serve men -" .. in the church and in the world " ( cdf prefect ) 
 -"every sperm is sacred " says the church .
god says 1 in 250 million , + /- per try ( or not ) 
 - any abortion , for any reason is obj'ly evil ; personal sin .
god say 40 - 65 % of conceptions terminate in natural " abortion " so early they are not perceived .
-every egg is sacred says the church .
god says 1millian at birth , 300,000 at puberty , 400 ovulate .
omg !
-being gay is an " intrinsic disorder " .
god creates / the church condemns .
wha ?
- bishops build and own / i pay 
 -should we go on ?
young people are discovering the connection between clerical institutionalism and used car sales"men " .
< user > you have got white supremacists you have got fear mongers you have got unfeeling bigots you have wealthy elitists who hate the poor and immigrants what else is wrong with you
love who you are and not what color of your skin looks like .
i tell myself everyday that i am beautiful
dnfjskasn i went to my first pride parade it was so fun but so hot and also filled with so much love 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 ❤ ️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
hi !
i have a question also : what is it about the forced bi kink that appeals to you ?
it turns me on also but i have n't found many women who are aroused by it
what a horrible man bashing article !
many men and woman work together in the household while men , let 's face it , in many cases work long hours at work and bring in the money for the household .
that 's reality , especially if the woman , are indeed , looking after the household .
let 's put some balance into these never ending gender stereotyping comments of men being lazy around the house and woman being the superior parent .
it 's getting tiresome .
trump banning transgender people from the military is completely unfair to america 's enemies .
i 've been bullying bottoms all day someone t*p me and shut me up
why does this matter ?
why do we have to do that ?
fucking shit talentless gay agenda pushing slut
have you ever been to any sporting event at any level in your life ?
@sammythechink ( not sexist but lads do n't tend to scream )
for all of you who have n't been on the alaskan highway coming out of canada and went to delta , there is already a huge highway sign that honors these men who built the highway .
so much for knowledge and picking to piece what he says .
david eastman is the only one in juneau besides the rest of the minority who works against anything anyone says that is correct honest and truth .
those who ca n't handle honest are on her complaining .
do your research before you run your mouths .
guess none of you are aware of   this procedure preformed on young women .
why would n't someone want to stop the practce here in alaska .
anyone who disagrees with mutitation of women and abortion is wrong .
disfiguring women and killing children is not cool and i stand with representative eastman on these things as a women .
you men know nothing .
and this reporter must be paid by the thieves in the governors office and the so called lawmakers , and senate .
they are all corrupt
as a cishet girl with a crush on a trans guy , i approve :)
go jerk off to a pic of your sis or something you inbred lil shit , you have problems and i 'll be ignoring you from now on and letting my bot deal with you .
i hope you fall off a skyscraper .
fake news ... #maga
i am just going to assume that you suffer from some form of down syndrome
dog on it ;   you failed again , hilcorp has not made a profit in alaska , they have not got all the money back that they spent .
hilcorp has not announced a profit in alaska ; see pna nov. 22 , 2015 , the producers 2015 : hilcorp alaska llc see hilcorps 2016 legislative testimony on hb 247 .
again dog on it ; you failed the to name one alaskan or someone other then the “ majors ” that has ever made a profit by “ drilling and selling oil ” at a profit !
it is time to fix the broken alaska oil and gas system that keeps alaskans and smaller competitors out and   billionaire oil giants in bed with the government !
are they working for the people ?
no !
it is time to fix this rigged system that supports everyone except the people of alaska !
alaska 's oil wealth is leaving the state and that will never change unless alaskans are allowed to drill and sell oil for a profit and that has never happen !
if alaskans want to keep its oil wealth & pfd checks just change the rules so alaskans can drill baby drill !
< user > every failure find someone else to put the blame on buhari is a fucking failure
" thank god white people populated america and not the blacks , " and " at least america enjoyed 200 years in the economic and political sun under a white majority . "
precious ........ , the problem being , this   is a very well educated ,   very astute , very wealthy man , do you think that maybe , just maybe ....... he would know what to say and what not to say , when to say it and when not to say it ?
i guess not 

 as my grandmother ( who came from " money " )   would " muse " ; just because you 're intelligent , well educated and wealthy does not necessarily   mean you 're smart " 

 the lady had a good point .......... 

 .
8 fucking hours of my life gone on 13 reasons why and clay still has n't listened to all of the tapes
nice win .
surprised they did n't use pinch runner for morales in 7th .
up 4 , he is most likely not batting again , he had a leg injury just a few weeks back , you got goins and barney sitting on bench who are better runners .
no upside to keeping morales in whatsoever .
saying the n word if you ’ re white means you ’ re racist and saying the f word if you ’ re straight means you ’ re homophobic idc what u say
niggas be acting like bitches and bitches be loving these niggas wassup these bitches
" finally got my gf to watch # wynonnaearp last night .
she kept calling bobo " " the badonkadonk " " so you win some you lose some i guess . "
being bi is just a transition step between straight and gay .
people who are bi just need to choose !
especially when you consider the fact that they was no direct flights from nigeria to ireland makes it even more shocking
black culture encapsulated perfectly in all it ghetto splendor
" i 'm going to ales tonight for the sole purpose of finding money on the ground that drunk ppl dropped .
that s what you call " " college broke " " "
why do white guys love being so edgy ?
they 're able to slit their wrist much easier anytime they seek attention
the bar   owner states to not hate gays , but requested a permit to hold an anti - lgbt rally .. sounds pretty homophobic to me .
aside : what is a nazi helmet ?
the 1916 style stahlhelm designed to be one of the most effective steel helmets protecting the wearer 's head   against sharpnel , etc ( reduced headwounds by over 70 % over then previous style pickelhaube , after its introduction ) ?
so good it has been copied by nearly every military and the us still call their helmets ' fritz ' .
-- > is this all just hyperbole on your part ... 

 seriously .
godwin 's law strikes again .... as though an inanimate object has an ideology ...
it never really gone out of style it just got kept out of the usual places < number > a while tv media politics academia sand nigger sand groid dune coon dindu nuffin all valuable additions to the nigger lexicon oh sheeit dat remind me mexicon lexicon meh some beaners r ok
oh yeah had death threats fake bad reviews of my book my address posted two offers to come and sort me out and all sorts when it is not timid old women who they can intimidate we soon see what they are really made of lol
ariana grande concert reviews !
< repeat > the singer was on key , but the fans were flat .
do you deny slavery was / is practiced in aftrica ?
do you deny there are black supremacists in this country ?
women have being screwing men over since the beginning of time .
how many times have women used sexual extortion on men ?
sexual extortion is so common , that i would bet that you have experienced it any number of times .
it is how women actually control the world .
i will not go into the perversion that your side likes to promote .
starbucks everybody remember that in muslim countries they do not allow women kindly ask them to wait in the car and send a man
this black guy and this girl is fucking annoying .
only know how to yell
an umpteenth too late for trump .
i hope he keeps sticking his bankruptcies foot in his mouth up to election day .
way to go trump .
this bow tie wearing lib left dem moronic judge seems to believe that our law enforcement shoot only blacks who are not breaking the law and or posing an immediate threat to the officers or civilians present criminals are criminals no matter the color of their skin no offense against bow ties
+ iridescent candle i 'll just give you an example here : 2 gay men ca n't reproduce .
now compare that with a male and a female who can , and therefore produce more humans for humanity .
one side can grow humanity and one ca n't .
the one that ca n't by definition , is degenerate .
in fact , the promotion of lgbtq is anti human by definition .
lol super gay it a jewish walled ghetto safe space for weev
me buying one thing off of depop wow i am a slut for depop
republicans post trump will deserve to be treated like nazi party members post ww2 it will be vital that we do this but we wo nt because we are a deeply stupid country your shitty jet ski salesman dad will just sit there collecting checks and hating faggots and brown people
ca n't trust these hoes ... and when i say hoes i mean dudes to
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
i feel like i just met someone i can fall in love with ..... i do n't wanna run away from this feeling
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
i guess this is the way liberals plan to destroy more women 's dreams .
even a moron would know this is wrong so find out who 's promoting it and i 'll bet you find a money trail .
for the men who feel the need to compete as women , i 'll i can say is they are misfits for either gender .
it 's a shame that some people like to use their childhoods to get themselves out of responsibility .
who else here were taught that women are romantic creatures who seek a spiritual connection , and how did the truth not reach us by age 10 ?
i do give a crap
sometimes you just need to slow down , remain calm , breathe , and simply let life happen . #
thursdaythoughts
i love trump he cares immigration the undocumented immigrants and all that comes with it the military veterans and making it strong and stronger maga always putting americafirst does not turn his back on cruel leader like iran nk letting kim know do not threaten my people on my watch
@adamrr83 @derrickl he is a piece of shit that deserves to die by 1000 cuts but just remember your opinion when everyone that " looks " muslim gets targeted bc they plaster a terrorist up . #
dontgivethemfame
actually , the term came from ireland , it means , dark tary sludge .
it was first used to describe black tar heroin addicts in san francisco in the 1800 's .
the term was used by nixon who is the one who used it to describe all of those drugs he placed in the csa , because he wanted to make people think that all drugs were as dangerous as heroin .
what professor reich is forgetting is that hospitals have been merging longer than insurance companies have .
it 's the health care equivalent of an arms race .
we have to split up the hospitals as well as the insurance companies .
apparently , jesus was not gluten free either , since the wafer becomes the body .
i 'm sure the four women he has a problem with being young and brown have nothing to do with him wanting them to go back to their own countries .
you suck shit , good fucking lord
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
his feet was lil ass he 'll gay ass nigga
what do you call two mexicans playing basketball ?
juan on juan
man asks /r / askmen how to handle a stalker , thread is locked due to " brigading " - why ?
i protect my children just fine .
a few mkultra shootings do n't scare real men into giving away their rights .
how would you defend yourself faggot ?
yep , they sell guns in the denny 's parking lots .
also ihop , but not perkins , those anti - american sob 's .
do not give money to foundations you will be paying for rich blacks to have the delight of white women
all i want to say is god thank you for dr.king and all of the other people involve in the civil rights movement because before dr.king legalize segregation existed but after dr.king segregation was ended .
in other words before and after
i am not obligated to date a broke nigga mfs try to make you feel bad for having standards
could be , but this article is not about that .
best interracial dating sites eharmony review dating a trans woman scorpio and gemini compatibility chat rooms singles url
< -- slowly shakes head .
you 're right , she should do what she did , and not keep a gun to protect herself like the rest of my family did after taking the death threats seriously .
thus assuring she will always be killed because people void of cognitive reasoning believe she 'd ended up dead with   gun anyway so why bother , just die .
i bet i can make you eat your own cum ... and you 'd like that would n't you nasty stupid fucking loser # paypig # findom url
< user > this is one of your more terrible takes survivors of the holocaust do not want auschwitz torn down so people remember
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
no no personal accountability here and no whites arrested must be institutional structural racism yeah that it yep all that racism is keeping asians from raising their kids and having families too damn whites damn them goddamn america
" @doctorgriffin6 -- away . " "
down here we can never be sure , i 'm afraid , " " he said , brushing a strand of hair behind abby 's ear .
his lips -- "
this is banter for young edgy white boys
do n't worry , juvenile men using women as toys will keep abortion around because it makes women cheap , accessible , and exchangeable .
there is a reason isis sex slave owners make use of abortion services .
usability while maintaining resale values .
under trump , there are no rules , just his mood swings and dishonesty .
you ca n't make sense out of something / one that is vapid of intelligence .......
i do n't have a problem with infill .
i do n't have a problem with tiny houses , for those relative few who want them .
i do n't see them as a permanent housing solution because i do n't believe that the large majority of people will stay or thrive long term in housing that is that cramped .
for transitional housing for the homeless , they may be a good option ( where anything is better than a tent or the street ) .
better to build larger multi - family housing developments that make better use of the land .
just my opinion .
the safest place during an earthquake would be in a stationary store .
i 'd say that 's better than the alternative , though .
i 'm all for someone changing their stance on lgbtq rights in general because it finally hits close to home and they can actually see the effects on someone they care about instead of some faceless " other " they do n't care about .
it 's much better than when it does hit close to home and they instead decide to try conversion therapy or disowning their kids .
i hear that mcdonalds is coming to their aid .
e3 gamer girl missing for 24 hours , sleuthing finds she spent night at hotel with some tyrone(s )
i 'm staring at that bowl cursing myself for leaving engineering and going into npo which does not allow me to purchase ridiculous things .
ah , so now we 're playing the repetition game , ay ?
you can repeat my ass when you 're done with me , you antifa sympathizing , communist stalin - loving disgusting toe gargling overweight whore housing horribly obese neckbeard wielding fedora wearing card collecting pink - haired slut loving , virgin little cunt .
i am not to proud to admit when i am wrong .
so to answer your snide question , yes i will come back and admit i was wrong .
actually i 'd be very happy to be wrong about this .
it is absolutely shameful what merkel has done to germany the poor women and young girls being attacked in the streets i do not understand why someone militia has not risen to say you will not rape my wife and or my children this is where i make my stand
joseph joestar saying holy shit but sped up rlly fast and repeated over and over and over and over and o
deport her dumb ass url
my bet is , that just like with andrea yates , they 'll find a way to blame this on the father one way or the other .
that 's the way the leftist anti - man establishment works .
but yates had one up , she drowned 5 of her children in the bathtub , instead of shooting them with a much hated gun .
that made it more politically correct , never mind that the children are just as dead , and quite frankly probably suffered more .
rip .
literally had to lock myself in the storage room to cry over my moms text like changed the fucking passcode to unlock the door & amp ; everything
say what you want about wwii but ... whoever killed hitler is my hero
i 'm gon na pull a timothy mcveigh on a fucking pride parade
if i had $ 5 for every gender i would have $ 8.85 and a lot of counterfeit money .
so are you gay or not ?
you ca n't be pretty gay " .
at the end of the day , bisexuals are usually actually homosexuals . "
< user > the fuck is a refugee drama romance and why is a white woman with rabid teeth in it
we should call hurricane irma uaf 175 then it will never land .
whatever it is , it should not be classified as brave .
impregnates multiple women through multiple marriages .
comes out , hero courageous .
there is nothing courageous about living a 60 year lie and then getting some tits stapled on your body and demanding everyone else to laud you and other mentally ill people .
shut up " juan " this was a hate crime .
you also forgot they yelled " this is maga country " if this had been a straight , white guy who tried pulling off this hoax , you juan would have had plenty of bs to spew .
you juan willams are a racist! .... you would n't know the truth if it hit you in the face .
ds pay you off , go work @ cnn
no they are n't .
let 's stop forcing this poc narrative like our histories and present lives are the same .
do n't pass me the aux cord & # 128514 ; my playlist is so bipolar .
imma have u feeling like a savage then in your feelings to feeling in love
this is cool .
i think kids should definitely know about the queer community and be understanding of ppl with different identities who exist in and contribute to society .
for those with the argument of " kids are too young " , being queer is no more about sex than being straight is .
url
yeah she looks fully asian to me as well
you can only say the word negro if it 's attached to the word league .
then we 're totally cool , guys .
so which are you a faggot or jew or both
if i ever have a transgender kid they can use whatever bathroom they want .. ... at the adoption center .
so if everyone hates white people , why do males of every nationality love white women with blonde hair ?

< user > < user > never beleive a jihadi they garb as secular that s a reason ppl in general do nt trust them
where d you learn that mark zuckerberg sjw community college russians have always been and will always be caucasians of the european continent classifying russians or indians as asians is the same as classifying brazilians as americans
it 's ignorant to assert that it 's black and white .
you obviously have never been in this situation .
it would n't be possible unless america were a female - supremacist culture .
then you would know about gray , and black and blue .
but you 're just a talker who speaks banalities .
and you 're common .
seriously , how many american men are misogynists ?
american culture is misogynist and   more women that vote democrat and carry firearms and/or employ lawyers could be the people that change things because women definitely are n't tolerating people who assert that women are n't entitled to privacy , to control their genitals , are n't entitled to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
we will have justice in these matters or we will sabotage this woman - hating society .
we will tear this society apart .
there is only one man in washington who has the ..... backbone to speak the truth .
the fascist antifa and racist black lives mater came ready to fight and that 's what they did .
supporting history and noble men whether you agree with them or not does not make someone ( as the current marxist lies would infer ) a racist .
they had the right to peacefully do that and they did , blm and antifa do not have the right to beat people up and shout them down , it is they who have blood on their hands as much as the driver .
trump support grows with the people with every swing he takes at these idiots who call themselves reporters but who are in reality just the new face of pravda
i 'm afraid of trump , he can not be trusted , lies continually and has mental problems that pose a serious threat to this country .
he needs to be removed from office - either with emoluments clause or the 25th amendment to the constitution .
this man is a disaster and should n't be president .
my second fear is that of right - wing conservatism combined with religious zealotry - a toxic mix to be sure .
how demoralizing for the defense .
two weeks in a row , they ’re down by 7 and the defense has n’t given up anything .
brilliant article and hilarious to boot !
me ( fears ?
😂 ) , mr manyi - bags is going to find holes at the bottom of those bags !
back to bitebart with you , where you wo n't be offended by this kind of talk again .
the prevalence of user fees is the direct result of the braying of the " no new taxes " crowd .
.
the result is that taxation is not spread evenly , is highly capricious , is highly regressive , and very often yields perverse economic incentives .
.
taxes are at a 60 year low .
they are not yielding the revenues required to provide the public sector goods and services needed to optimise overall economic growth in our society .
.
if we want out economy to grow , taxes need to go up fairly substantially .
.
how much higher ?
a rough guess would be 4 % - 5 % of gdp higher , possibly quite a bit more .
how do we know ?
because we have a rapidly ageing population , and we are in a transition to higher density , more highly urbanised population centers , and over the next 30 - 50 years we are going to have to pay for that transition .
.
the good news is that the faster we do it the sooner that   expenditure will yield a richer , more energy efficient , knowledge - based economy .
the jewish question is probably the greatest litmus test for loyalty if they defend this one group of people despite any wrong doing they are not on your side this is like the house negro protecting the slave master chicano
lot of dirty old men on here .
best wishes for a young girl trying to enjoy life .
what cleared my skin 
 doxycycline , lots of zinc and carrot juice
got told i dress like a ' stereotypical lesbian ' today - perhaps this is why i do n't have a boyfriend atm ? ?
idc still lmao
maybe trump will care about his supporters when he done sucking kike cock too bad there no end in sight
i did n't vote for friendship .
i voted for trump because i felt he was the last chance america had to stay afloat .
had hillary been elected we 'd be drowning in our own blood spilled by the millions of muslims she wanted to " immigrate " .
and we all know there would have been thousands of jihadists at least , who would manage to infiltrate the millions of poor , de - humanized muslims , worthy to immigrate .
that 's just for starters .
second , show me one politician that does n't lie .
third , show me any man who has not lied .
i could go on and on gary , but you have to admit , america is getting better .
and if the swamp   would get out of the way , we 'll achieve   our former greatness sooner .
and those " hundreds of documented lies " ?
fake news .
" including a hidden - microphone display of appalling sexism " 

 the minimizing and acceptance of criminal behaviour as " sexism " is one of the very problems the article is identifying .
this legitimizing of abhorrent behaviour is apparently rampant , even in this column .
i think men are too womanly nowadays , and women are too manly 
 and that 's why gender is no longer real .
rich lean in my pants in her throat suckin this niggers
honored to have the opportunity to share my experience in # immigration today & provide input to @betoorourke on his immigration plan .
working together is how we can develop the best solution that gives everyone the opportunity to live their best life & contribute to our country url
devastated to hear of fatality during # ipwr .
goddamn it , not mike .
god f*cking damn it .
that will never happen , they will not allow a conversation because that will mean they will have to take action themselves , that will never happen , nothing came of the protests last year , protesting this way serves no purpose at all , they say we need to talk , but if the first words that come out are you white people need to , they blame white people for there problems and that 's not the problem , they take no personal responsibility for there own lives , they commit crimes at a lot higher rate than other races there communities are in shambles and they keep electing those that do n't care about them , obama had eight years to make a difference and made things worse , obama set back race relations almost fifty years .
you have men like ben carson who was raised in poverty with a single mom like seventy percent in the black community today he made it out his example should be an inspiration to black people but they look up to athletes and rappers , they do n't want the help , they need a mirror hypocrites.smh
glad they found that white bitch amber guyer guilty but i am not too sure about the sentencing they might give her fuckin probation or some done shit
i 'm laughing at all the ' real men ' who look down on pokemon players while sitting on their asses and watching sports all afternoon .
looks like a raghead ran some more people over in canada let been some more in the country to fuck everything up way to go
i bet all the ted pike stuff is on the adl hit list , look for that to start disappearing down the memory hole .
i do n't know about you , but i fucking love my curly boiiiiis 

 { }
dead ass , that ordes speaks nigga and his whole frat needs to be in jail .
they made aladdin black lmao .. leftist racist cucks
girls , stop getting bee tattoos and start doing things to help save the fucking bee population
@ryansatin @wrestlingsheet bullshit , i do n't doubt you by any means .
i doubt the misogynistic assholes that run " the kingdom "
while shallow and ineffective , the trolls are amusing here .
low fi whiteskins worry about jew milo while he tells them white nationalism is wrong and bad and avoid it what is wrong with you whitesies people you have a red rubber ball on your nose and your brains are tough as steamed tilapia
now that you 're a man , you have to come hunting with us / go to straight bars / objectify women / drink beer / learn home repair / drive / etc .
because that 's what real men do !
because european men are a bunch of soyboy faggots lol
why do i get cold so easily 🙄 my body shaking like it an earthquake up in this bitch
what is this inter - racial trash ?
nay i 'm not against sex and sexuality .
i 'm for people doing what makes them happy ( and does n't harm others ) .
my rarely having sex is what makes me happy .
maharashtra ats confirmed that 10 men ( all arabic name+faith ) belonging to ummat e mohammadiya planned to kill 400 hindus by poisoning food at temple .
@deepigoyal , the man only wanted to keep ' mohammadiya ' influence away .
why are u robbing victims first and then lecturing ?
url
hate ?
the rally was about anything but hate .
it was about not being divided , about tolerance for those who are different than us .
you obviously do n't get the difference between liberals and conservatives .
conservatives are always looking for someone to blame : immigrants , gays , muslims ...   i was there in the cold and the snow , and the message was positive , but about resisting those who would divide us .
the monied interests that run our country want us fighting among ourselves , so we do n't notice them taking more and more .
do n't believe me ?
look at trump 's cabinet .
do you really think they give a damn about you ?
president trump never really wanted to be president , so he colluded with russians to be president , mmmkay .
only cops should have guns ! !
but ... are n't all cops racist and only promote white supremacy and kill blacks on sight ?
oh shit , dilemma ! !
come in your car , come on the bus , crawl out of your box , every tranny , woman , and cisgendered male has a claim on the impeachment of this fool !
just bring your own hypodermic needles
i think this is so wonderful .
i 've lived through those times and interracial relationships and mixed kids were not treated kindly .
looks like barry had some good folks on his side .
hugh : ali would have looked down on you , and not respected you , unless you yourself are black , heterosexual , married to a black woman , and a muslim .
if you do n't fall into that category , then you would have been a devil in his eyes .
when asked by a bbc reporter about his beliefs that black people should not associate with whites , he said this : 

 " there are white people who mean right and in their hearts wanna do right .
but if 10,000 rattlesnakes were coming down that aisle now , and i had a door that i could shut , and in that 10,000 , 1,000 meant right , 1,000 rattlesnakes did n't want to bite me , i knew they were good ... should i let all these rattlesnakes come down , hoping that the thousand get together and form a shield for me ?
or should i just close the door and stay safe ? "
that is certainly not a man to be admired .
not in my book .
the fact that his analogy for white people was that they are rattlesnakes says a lot .
what if a white person said that of blacks ? ?
so it 's really not about your first sentence but rather a game .
that 's what we 've been saying all along .
only cowards and pussy faggots talk shit about the homeless like this .
i never make fun of the homeless , shit can happen to anybody that do n't t rely on mommy and daddy .
count your blessings that the homeless do n't start killing people randomly and stabbing you with needles .
karma is a killer
# yesallwomen are unsurprised when men think murder is fair retribution for getting turned down for a date .
@kimmygrangerxxx i want my dick in your pussy 😘 😘
y se acab&#243 ; ! !
mexico wins 3 - 0 !
that 's my team bitches & # 10084;&#65039;&#128154 ; # vivamexico
# bbnaija i see @payporte ceo sponsoring these top 5hms to start up their own bizness and make them prosper
ha i was just on there , stopped reading it to come on here and this was the first thing i saw .
you 're welcome .
a beaten politician !
gore did .
end of discussion .
and trump has refused to do so before the first ballot is cast .
his praise of assad and putin , men who are directly putting the lives of our service men and women at risk right now is unpatriotic and all - but treason .
why was the lord of the rings trilogy filmed in new zealand ?
cause the us were missing the two towers .
once we eliminate , wipe out white people , there would n't be any more this racist bullshit . #
antifa
chick on the left having a mental meltdown lmao
< user > this is the queer discourse equivalent of white lives matter like if you are not being actively discriminated against just do not worry about it y know being straight is literally the easiest thing on earth
ion know why bitches be so shameless to be on some fan behavior shit
i do n't believe darwinian macro - evolution is a working hypothesis that allows explanations or predictions of any sort .
adaptation or micro - evolution does allow some predictions and can be observed in nature , for example the different beak sizes and shapes of darwin 's finches .
however , macro - evolution as proposed by darwin and his followers has never been observed to create new species .
there is no point in using a theory that is not true ( darwin 's ) to try to explain what we see .
we would just be propagating error .
twitter has found that nearly 37,000 automated “ bot ” accounts with russian links generated 1.4 million tweets that were seen by a potential 288 million people in the three months before the november 8 , 2016 presidential election , according to a source familiar with its planned testimony .
that is a rather intrusive question .... gonna give you a wow !
why not just make whatever point it is you are driving at ?
ps 
 us interest rates ticked up a notch today ... 
 i did not check them ... but i can feel it , because bce and enb are both down , and my ppl.pr.a is up   :)
mansfield i love how you just hang your racism out like that .... as i 've said before , racism is alive and well in america , and its home is on the left ... 🇺 🇸 trump 2020 🇺 🇸 ! ! !
what does scott landfield have to say about it ?
does he want to continue running tsunami ?
what are the options as he sees them ?
what sort of community involvement would be the most helpful ?
i 'd hate to see tsunami go .
it would be a tremendous blow to the neighborhood as well as the city in general .
white toes on pretty feet 🦶 🏾 ❤ ️ the best
you on the blade and you still broke what a silly bitch
based on how many empty corn and bean cans in the trash , we 've reached the point in the year where grad students are living in their offices
no the word racist has definitely lost some power in the last few years which is a good thing that why they have moved on to calling people nazis white supremacists and white nationalists their basic toolkit has lost a lot of its punch
@emperor_cris @financialdomi @findomfetish @masterscash @submit2mee fags must definitely live in chastity !
only true and superior males have cocks !
fags have just nubs and their only pleasure must come from serving the god , anything else is irrelevant
this is ridiculous .
the boy / girl is being drugged .
i do n't care if its for transition .
he / she should not have competed .
of course with this pc crud you ca n't make heads or tails of anything .
" mr. grenn does n't strike me as being young or inexperienced " 

 if experienced got us to where we are today , i 'll take " inexperienced " any day .
< user > so islamaphobia bad anti semitic just fine no both are bad
how does a woman rape a man ?
at first it 's hard but then it 's easy .
such a trashy little faggot
this recent episode of # posefx is so powerful .
so many black trans women are dying and we must do something about it .
4/ our family members , friends and colleagues who are lgbt must have the same respect and rights as everyone .
but there 's nothing intolerant in opposing the radical fringe of this movement and not attending a pride parade .
trudeau is the one fostering a climate of intolerance .
promised myself i was n't going out this weekend , but now i 've made plans to go to the fucking buttermarket y am i like dis
i like how you keep making claims without proof hey show me some gay mammals we made in the lab i will wait while you take the dick out of your mouth to google d
seeing attractive naked women , whether they are real or drawn , makes me sad 
 but i ca n't stop looking
why was the lord of the rings trilogy filmed in new zealand ?
cause the us were missing the two towers .
there is no compromise .
either richmond regards all people as equal or they do not .
at this time , and gauging by the statues of a jim crow bygone era , they have their heads stuck in the sand .
one of the terrible tragedies in american history was the assassination of james garfield , a lincoln disciple who recognized the rise of jim crow and was prepared rout it .
there is no humiliation .
and it is not a matter for debate .
it is defeating the last vestiges of hate from this bloody but necessary conflict .
your comparisons smack of deflection .
kaiserism / nazism was destroyed .
germany has emerged as one of the strongest democracies in the world .
the u.s. , no doubt , is the strongest .
it is an embarrassment to this nation that the lingering dark history of the confederacy continues to be honoured .
it is their achilles heel .
chrusty is dried up .
you are right to be nervous of the likes of omar , tlib , and sarssour ( which means cockroach in arabic ) , you should be even more concerned about half whits like lemon , stelter , and cooper who defend and promote these creatures and dismiss anybody who questions the extreme left as racist , islamophobic , homophobic , etc . ,
etc . ,
ad nauseam .
in black ghetto talk nuffin here
these niggas be so weird out young and old do not know how to approach a female
@kimaga4ever @laylaalisha11 @realdonaldtrump beta males are disgusting and have no self - control .
i would never sell this man a gun , or even a pea shooter .
he is out of control .
yo nigga talk to you crazy cause you living like you need his ass
why gas is so expensive in alaska .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxmr7njq-y8
donald trump never was a republican .
he was always an outsider .
lol not a single woman would participate in such a mixed tournament though , for fear of being completely outclassed .
the blacks was only one of the divides obama supported , rich / poor , gay / straight brown / white , legal / illegal immigrants and muslim / christian to name a few more .
any and issues that could be used create a divide , obama and his ilk supported .
fuck you pervert .
fucking piece of shit .
gimme your address so i will fuck you up .
be a man
we wo n't have money left for pie : " so it can collect the additional money to pay for the projects . "
or do you think they 'll stop granting muptes and collect from the mega - millioned out of state developers ?
hmm ?
the only thing i would give the flames is the door !
do n't waste good pussy on a trash ass nigga
if a deaf person has parkinson 's disease , do they also have tourette 's ?
three disabilities in one joke .
that 's pretty good
" @shumstafa that 's fucking disgusting . " "
there 's no song called ' i kissed a trans man ' " " like ? ? ?
that 's not the point ? ? ? ? "
hey frank if i was nt on the other side of the planet would i do .
your points re socioeconomic standing and access to justice may be valid but do nothing to explain why blacks are more likely than whites to be charged with simple possession .
you may not like to hear the word " racism " , but do you have any other plausible explanation for why that disparity exists ?
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
fuck you queers you ai n't coming to my city cuz we hate you people will fucking kill you and sleep good at night
" @ligacaomixer @omgetweird @radiodisney quinze # littlemix " " shout out to my ex " " # heartbreak @radiodisney "
dog is retarded he bit himself while scratching i need to get him some smart food lol
if they are going to hate america that much , perhaps they should n't come .
and we never had no fun well they came down hard on the faggots and they came down hard on the street they came down harder on sam
* at the end of the song * \ that how racism ended
i fucking hate that i 've been locking myself out all this week
# it 's sad that the opposition has brain washed us so much that we believe that anything that is said by media owned by capitalist is right .
naz shah mp is a vile labour pakistani who also ticked a comment telling white children raped by paki filth to keep their mouths shut for diversity diversity has < number > yr left
first , msw is hardly a clinton surrogate .
if you were familiar with his columns you 'd know that .
secondly , just what has julian assange done to suggest to anybody that he is anything more than a common criminal ?
why should anybody accept at face value anything the man says or does ?
voting is patriotic .
it means we believe in democracy , like the founding fathers .
these hoes for errbodyy
" " " new choppa i named blood , i bought it off a opp .
custodian after school , walkin wit a mop .
earl manigault i can knock a quarter off'a top " " "
i will trust these bitches when parts finally dates elizabeth
another sad and terrifying example of how the rape hysteria in america ruins men 's lives with zero evidence .
happy # pridemonth⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠ !
no matter how you identify or who you happen to love , you are celebrated !
your feelings are real .
your identity is valid .
you are loved and accepted just as you are .
be proud ! !
rt to show your support for the # lgbt+ community .
# fridaymotivation url
these niggas bitch made like bruce jenner
of course he said ' no ' to you .
men are shallow and weak - minded - you 're not going to get a boyfriend unless you wear high heels instead of your converse and low - cut tops instead of your t - shirts , and stop acting so independent , nerdy , and intelligent .
start acting like a proper girl or get used to being alone .
because he is looking for a conservative view point and knows your history and willingness to use your name in a letter to the editor ?
.
@betoorourke 's immigration plan hinges on the core belief that immigrants make our society stronger -- read the stories of immigrants across the country who are contributing to our communities and our economy every day :   url # beto2020 # betoforamerica
what lily white bunch you people are ... he did n't make those comments to women directly !
locker room talk goes on everyday by women and men ... get real you hypocrites ...
i do n't think the clinton foundation is hiring right now .
i wonder where he will go ?
so did the people that want this group doxed , fired from their jobs , and threatened for speaking do the same with the nfl guys who kneeled to express their political views or no ?
well done senator sullivan .
< user > why only muslim india will not allow any illegal immigrants irrespective of religion there are far more countries where christianity is religion of majority do not give it anti muslim or any religious colour india is open to any muslim who wants to live here as per land of d law
dairy issues fit trump given what a meathead he is .
most black americans and hispanic americans who have a large indigenous input came here way before most whites did .
just say it
oh , i would never date a bisexual .
i 'd always worry they would cheat on me with a guy .
plus , they are n't seriously gay , they are just pretending to be because it 's ' hip . '
some chick called me ghetto last night i laughed because i am addicted to tha bukowski low life
we have female professors here who educate at about < number > the capacity of their male counterparts lower iq on average lazy indolent too weak and cucked to control packs of sand niggers and regular niggers what a pity
i was up late watching tv and there it was on cnn , click on the link video - breaking news videos from cnn.com
there 's a lot of big booty bitches at pharr gym & # 128563;&#128584;&#127825 ;
i just wanna say that as a woman who likes women and both has a smaller chest and likes women with smaller chests , this sub makes me really happy .
i see beautiful women feeling good about themselves ( as they should ) and i also see myself in them .
at first i only found the sub smallboobproblems which made me sad for women feeling down on themselves or of course porn subs .
this is a hidden gem and needs more attention because so many women would benefit from it .
kill yourself instead
they 're not even that valuable .
that whole page cost me less than $ 50 bucks which is what lots of those games went for when new .
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
maybe feminism cropped its clip haired degenerate thot head up far back in the mohammedean past if so literally strapping a cork in their mouths would make good sense as a rule going forward even a broken sand nigger tells the right time twice a millennia o 😀
" then said jesus , father , forgive them ; for they know not what they do .
and they parted his raiment , and cast lots . "
~luke 23:34 # bible # faith # jesus
you know , believing in god is n't about religion , or a specific denomination .
it 's about your own personal relationship with god .
but it 's lovely to have people around you with the same beliefs at church .
especially people with knowledge and experience to help you discover more .
< user > eggzactamundo negro i m just saying i m looking thru her tweets and ion think she gets it
this is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no ` ` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing .
if we should treat trans men like real women ... then we should be able to hunt furries !
edit : meant to say trans women
i m a be the last bitch standing , fuck them niggas .
i realize that this is n't the peace corps party line on approaching community norms , but about a year in , i frankly stopped caring what others , even counterparts , thought about such things .
i decided that since i did n't feel unsafe or that it would dramatically impact my service , i should come out in order to give everyone a gay that they knew , even if i am a foreigner .
it 's easy to bedevil a population when they feel far removed , but giving them a real person they know is what ultimately changes hearts and minds .
if i applied for any fed job and had an ongoing investigation like this .. would i be " qualified " to get that job ?
not a chance .. careful with your words ..   sometimes the wrong ones slip out .
babs is hitting on the waitress .
talking about moistness of nachos .
disgusting .
in front of courtney too .
yikes
i am not an aclu fan however they have helped hawaii female inmates where guards where forcing these   inmates to have sex with them .
there is a place for the aclu and if city / state government homeless groups can work together with their own attorneys who are semi competent , they could remove these illegal homeless structures / tents off public sidewalks and roadways without losing lawsuits in court
just blocked all the pretty females what y all ugly bitches up to
nope .
i was there when that tv show was broadcast .
nobody laughed at the communicators .
and if you asked any physicist or engineer of the day ( late 1960s ) whether we would have communicators like that within a few decades , most would have said " yes " .
they would not have said yes about the transporters or about the dilithium engines , however , which are more pertinent to the question of how you transport humans quickly to a spot on another planet or to the other side of a planet ...
@kkeeltygartland @clapifyoulikeme @snipy @milesoutsides look man all i know is from my own life experience bisexuals seem to be real good at it
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
parents ?
a child gets a 's and b 's the parents get f 's .
we say the school system is broke .
b , s , !
the problem is lack of parenting !
one child is pregnant before she knows what 's happening by a 28 year old .
where is he ?
does he pay child support ?
is he in jail ?
who knows but i will guarantee that all of these people in this article are on wellfare .
yes there are many more topics to write about but would you read them and take the time to comment ?
she is a polarizing writer which is why her column gets printed in a msm outlet .
provoking discussion is far better than complacency .
while an interstesting yarn , neal , at the end of the day , basic population trends and demographics make it almost entirely prohibitive of any r , and especially trump winning a national election .
allow me a second to expound on this thought : if one were to take just the west coast and the ne seaboard , and handful of swing states ( ohio , mi , ill , wis and pa ) these states would represent almost 2/3 of the electoral college .
so , what 's the common theme of all these states , are all thoroughly democratic .
this not even putting into play states like florida or georgia .
the fact that remains , is that the ds have over a dozen ways to win the white house , and converse is that the rs have to basically sweep all swing states or take ca or ny-- never going to happen .
drilling down even further , unless trump can carry the hispanic and black vote with approximately 37 - 38 percent of their vote ( as a point of reference , mitt only obtained in the low 20s ) ; he is currently in the single digits .
no way ..
youre fucking useless and don't even try to act like your not .
fuck a donkey , bitch
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
as we commemorate # pridemonth , now is a perfect time to research and honor the lgbtq+ trailblazers who made it possible for us to be here today .
the opening montage of # stateofpride threads together images from pride events , protests , and marches over the past 50 years .
url
i am not ashamed and indians do n't have to speak hindi i speak malayalam
it was revealed that the mosque omar mateen attended tipped off the fbi about his jihadi support how often does that happen and the fbi did nothing that agency has its own swamp that needs to be drained
the team i watched tonight will be lucky to be 8 - 8 at the end of the season .
" playoffs ? ....
playoffs ? ? ! ?
wwhuh ... p - p - playoffs ! ! ? ? "
never an issue to verbally flagellate a white male .
feminists blacks muslims queers illegals libtards hispanics latinos transgenders jews do not like men like me why solely strictly because i am a college educated conservative hetero christian white male who also happens to be a legal immigrant american citizen by the way
people do not know who tyler is just say you hate niggers and go
my experience with asian women has been s korean and thai girls are hottest , cutest .
then nothing will be completed ... no pipeline , no nothing .
and off course they will still want more money from taxpayers on top of what they already get .
bisexual people do n't exist .
gay people just say that so they can walk down the hall with a girl holding hands .
more of reddits gay agenda leaking in .
they wo n't be happy till everyone 's flipped and or has a sex change .
it 's real , believe it .
two black guys walk into a bar ... they walk up to the bartender , paid their tab and could not have been more courteous
ariana grande concert reviews !
< repeat > the singer was on key , but the fans were flat .
this story makes me consider the white suicide vs white genocide memes our situation is similar it is white auto genocide in a way we have not been physically conquered and forced into these policies at gunpoint but we are doing it because of constant malicious suggestions by outside groups
< user > puppy no i was alone i am not a nazi white supremacist or any other type of person i am < number > southern i support traditional values and all things with southern culture i support anything that saves confederate monuments and history
4chan wants people to start saying " i guess if we have to have women politicians at least it 's better if they 're not real women ” 
 make popcorn and spread the word .
@senblumenthal you really are dumb as a box of rocks .
think we are deaf , dumb and blind ?
we see what s going on at the border , we feel the effects of it all across the country .
and i am sure our troops would rather be at borders than afghanistan 's , or iraq 's , or syria 's or africa 's etc .
jedi mike jedi mike < number > hours ago i wonder if these thugs listening to rap songs in the locker room that glorify violence that wud be awesome to get that out it wud destroy there stupid protest ﻿
wmsbg r mordche fried making tenoiyem tonight of his son michoel aron in pupa kidish hall
@leahgreenb let 's be clear on this : people like you is why there is so much hate and anger in this world .
you are enticing violence and hate .
democrats / liberals/ along w/ terrorist and gangs crazy enough to pull the trigger are feeding off of your hate and violence .
i hope u r being watched
trump is a traitorous buffoon .
and a petty con man .
i thought i was your obligation to tell your listeners the truth not some made up concocted narrative scripted to make you sound good as you lick ass trying to get high ratings wonder who rights his just another ghetto news reader
# handsoffpantson goes global!on the heels of helping pass historic panic button legislation for hotel and casino wrkrs in il , local 1 leaders roushaunda & cecilia are at the int'l labor conf to advocate for global convention to address gender violence at work ! #
ilc2019 # iloendgbv url
what would our day be without some hatred towards white men , right , we all want that right ?
listen from an animal evolution p.o.v . ,
the part of the species that went out hunting , killing while problem solving along the way likely does have more abilities to get out there , push their ideas , not give up when someone says no versus the part of the species that was primarily a care - giver staying put , trying to keep their environment as stable and supportive as possible in order to raise their offspring .
nobody is stopping women from doing anything in america , canada .
enough .
this sort of article only breeds a backlash .
twitter just made all the references to antifa bragging about sabotaging railways , vanish from the amtrak hashtag
you bitches is real life basic asf step your motherfucking cookies up
gift taxes are paid by the giver , not the receiver .
what you need to worry about is if the money you receive could be considered income .
i.e. is the sugar daddy receiving anything in return ( dates , favors ) or is it purely donative and nonreciprocal ?
that 's a pretty complicated and dicey issue to get into .
be cordial to others and say hello- it goes along way in making your environment enjoyable and friendly- you see these people a lot , wipe down equipment or change shirt if your a sweater ! ,
do n't drop weights- you will break them ! ,
return your weights when don- always ! ,
ask if you can ' work in ' , when weight are being used , and gym rat will let you ' work in ' on the weights on rotation .dont sit on equipment doing nothing or on your cell phone- inconsiderate .
if you do n't want to be looked at dress down for pete 's sake !
do n't   go to the gym dressed up in a night club outfit or the like ! (
unless you want the attention- some do in reality ) .
geez not strong perfumes please ! ....
and please understand there is social norms and decorum   in each gym .... try to understand them , so you do not put people off that are regulars - ask if in doubt ! !
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
hypocrisy and politics go hand in hand .
' all abortion is murder ' is an opinion based on your religious beliefs .
in this country , you do n't get to enforce your religious beliefs on others .
it 's definitely not just a label .
whether you're a boy or a girl defines everything you are .
and the calgary flood , the manitoba floods etc ...
paying the rent , buying food and keeping a job are what really is important .
self serving vacuous politicians spewing greenhouse gasses and lies about globull warming , not so much
+ myjourni i feel great , i 'm white
thanks ms henry , for the saying , “ a republican says if it has n’t happened ( or wo n’t happen ) to me , i do n’t care , ” while “ a     democrat says it should n’t happen to anyone , that ’s why i care , ” which is a pretty good summation between the attitudes of the me party and the us party .
the philosophy and actions of republican leaders    -    as opposed to their public claims   -   makes a travesty of the di ’s conclusion , that , “ we mutually pledge to each other , our lives , our fortunes , and our sacred honor . ”
your message is just as racist and ignorant as the white supremacist that thinks all blacks should be kicked out of our country because of the crime statistics .
.
i am a white male .
i have never done any of the things you mention above , why should * i * feel guilty ?
white americans have done some atrocious things in our history , i recognize that .
however , * i * never had a hand in it .
i 've never aided or abetted such activities nor have i condoned such activities .
because of this , i do not feel guilty about it nor will * i * be held accountable for it .
.
also , i believe we should not bury this valuable human rights lesson .
we should learn from it and grow from it not attempt to use it as a weapon for racism .
< number > it my birthday this month the supreme court is also hearing an important case starting < number > < number > re if someone can be fired for being lgbtq please do something nice for the queer folx in your life do not have any block and report homophobes on twitter there are plenty
if time magazine named a " loser of the year " it would be the left or the msm and have picture of a whining trigger generation millennial leftie on the cover , it could be snap of you on nov. 8 ....
@oliveira7flash sdv
i 've been paying monthly subscriptions for wwe network and i did n't even fucking know .
that means i could 've watched wrestlemania fuuuuckkkk
i do n't have much to add that have n't been said , but i would like to say welcome garmgormius !
i feel like i just met someone i can fall in love with ..... i do n't wanna run away from this feeling
ugh boy i feel your pain ... it 's so hard .
it 's really hard .
but i am beyond happy the world slowly becomes a more and more better place for lgbtq+ people .
the miscreants were gone after directly , through the courts .
however , the miscreants continue to profit from their alleged theft , with the assistance of google .
if it was your property that was being sold off , would n't you want google to stop advertising it ?
i remember hearing a talk from irving on that massacre .
wow ... insult away ... i think there in lie your strengths ... if someone is making 20 k and they do n't have insurance then they should strive to either get a better job or get a second job ... also they should maybe think about giving up some things ... i have been poor .. i did not care for it ... maybe you are the one that needs to get out of his little box and stop demanding more and more of my money and start demanding that more people actually contribute
sending messages of infinite support and validity as an amab trans person who feels similarly !
stopped going to the barber ... 
 i actually stopped going to hairdresser and cut my own hair with trimmer since like 2 years , cuz i could nt bare sitting there , looking in the mirror of my ugly self
this is cos kelly 's work , not bannon 's .
you can bet that it was n't trump 's idea .
< user > search the catholic church too they are a money grubbing organization sponsoring the refugee invasion
its also the english who made india worse
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
shut the fuck up you dumb black bitch
they really kicked that 12 year old out ?
man fuck those liberal cock suckers .
hillary supporting lesbian pieces of shit .
believing in more than 2 genders stupid ass freak
i wonder if ms harris ever voted against school tax increase because she could not afford it ?
< user > i definately have to come over and visit soon 😍 😍 😍 i need to be raped by more than one
most muslim men are homosexuals pakistan has more male prostitutes than most countries film makers concluded that most pakistani men visit male prostitutes for sex if you do nt believe me ask the ex cricketer and now politician imran khan
" " " i have no problem being called benny !
just do n't call my ben 10 .
or else you 'll meet with a terrible fate .
you cocky bitch .. " " # bot "
@dazy thank you for your kind words !
the thing is , i ca n't change even if i wanted to .
it 's just really painful to think that people who claim to love you would be disgusted by you the minute you admit you 're not straight
in /r / relationships , a 16 year old boy discusses his abusive mother , who is refusing to use child support his dad pays her for his support & amp ; welfare , & amp ; is making him pay for his own welfare & amp ; support , while forcing him to work at home for free & amp ; limiting his ability for get & amp ; keep a job
if an uninformed person were to watch american tevision black people would appear to represent half the population while latinos asians and native americans would represent < number > this is a lie
lol sorry you guys swtiched to a new depop page ☺ ️ so you 're going to get a little flooded with postings
what a good carry out spot on the eastside near < number > van dyke
what 's the difference between me and my daughter ?
dick size
if you hate jules you 're transphobic that 's it it 's just the facts
all people engage in stereotyping bc that how humans survive anyone who claims that assuming blacks are thugs bc of how they dress in the ghetto is a retard bc they dress that way literally to convince others they are thugs so they will not be attacked by other thugs
repeat after me : " allahu akbar " .
you 're gon na need to learn how to say that to save your sorry ass from being beaten to a pulp every day if the conservatives lose .
because that s the big bad wolf waiting around the corner .
cuck .
[ because](url [ it's](url [ incorrect](url there 's a shitton of evidence to the contrary .
you ca n't keep parroting a claim that happens to unduly affect brown people with no evidence and act as if you 're * not * being racist .
even if your ignorance on the issue is n't borne specifically out of racism , that you 're willing to assume that to be the case , and use it as the basis for discussion for decreasing * all * immigration from non-"shithole " countries ( i.e. norway and other western and largely white countries ) , your end result as potus is perpetuating racism .
trump is anti - women .
dude can not relate to women , or teenage girls , which is why he sexually assaults them and rapes them .
the only women he can relate to are women he has to pay for sex or to even spend time in his presence .
now that is un - american .
the orange racist rapist should definitely get out of our country .
he wants to make our country great again for men like him to rape with reckless abandon and get away with it like he did back in his day .
only if he has the money .
what are the chances a drunk 23 - year - old who fondles his minor seatmate has $ 10,000 sitting in his bank account ?
or even a job ?
idk if your joking but this has nothing to do with transphobia .
just saying .
< user > dudley is a fucking twat and a pestilence to this constituency hope he gets the ole heave ho shortly
they never backed up the statement " trump has told congresswoman of color to fixed the crime infested place they came from "
i usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident / incident .
i then phone them and find out what has happened .
good r / askmen thread " how are men oppressed in our society ? "
maybe he was checking the runway for debris thereby insuring everyone 's safety .
come on kodiak chick it is way to easy to be an asshole on the interweb , man up and force yourself to make a positive comment .
i fucking hate that i 've been locking myself out all this week
daily reminder that even nerdy girls want chad 
 and not your ugly , fat or skinny , socially awkward , shy and autistic nerd ass .
rt @geezzzus : do n't no woman want a man that acts like a bitch
' ... stand up for the stupid and crazy , devote your income and labor to others , hate tyrants , argue not concerning god , have patience and indulgence toward the people , take off your hat to nothing known or unknown or to any man or number of men , go freely with powerful uneducated persons and with the young and with the mothers of families ... ' ( attrb to ol walt w ) 
 cartwright did n't take off his hat .
good job .
no good deed will be rewarded .
my wife full of lobster lays her head on the table her hand licked by a small white dog
fucking fagot burn in hell
do n't conflate illegal aliens with legal immigrants
sounds like the words of a white , misogynistic , racist who 's projecting .
this private shit pisses me off 
 why i ca n't get in when it 's private ?
opiate dependence is a disease of reward deficiency .
dysfunction of the brain reward circuits # opiatedependence # addiction # heroinepidemic
well the enemies of free speech and the political left will be going absolutely ape on this comment .
good comment mandigoodly .
let me help the lefties go even more nutty .
white male lives matter !
topple trump , 
 which amendment would this be ?
what exactly would the charges be ?
we have had many vile presidents , the most vile was bill clinton but he is given awards , honors and called our senior statesman .
get rid of clinton by stripping him of all his retirement benefits and his protection we pay for .
take back his medals , awards and honors too .
take down his portrait and any statue of him too .
then we can talk about the current vile president .
" chanyeol finally croaked , and he felt like he should cry but no tears are falling . " "
thank you for telling me " " "
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
@duanecia girl , i love all the things about joyce !
she has literally taken her authority and made sure she inserted the unique experience of being a black woman into each and every exercise .
when i say this is my group of folks ?
girl i 'm so empowered here !
girl and boys not girls and boys
the word " misogynist " has not lost its meaning ; it has , however , lost its impact on many people , you likely being one them , den ... 

 i appreciate that many people see this guy as a potential change agent , but that aside , you can not possibly dispute the fact that he is a vile human being .
he is a liar ; he is a thief ; he is unethical in his business dealings ; he is disrespectful to anyone that chooses to disagree , fight for their own positions , or fight for what is rightfully theirs ( like payment for work completed on one of his garish , overpriced properties ) ; and he is dismissive of any woman that does not provide some sort of services to him ( and this includes efficiently and effectively managing his construction projects , not just sex ) ... 

 many of you that support this man are locked in the battle known as cognitive dissonance : how do you think well of his potential while acknowledging his nature ?
deal with it as you may ... the rest of the world sees this guy as the pond scum he is ...
i 'll fuck women however i want to and i have freedom of speech too .
i 'll say whatever the fuck i want .
shut the fuck up , you ugly fat feminist bastard .
you fat lesbians know nothing about a dick .. all u can do is rip your clothes on streets like whores in the name of protest
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
name one instance that you have seen of " contortions trumpkins will go through to support their ' hero " .
there are over 300 million americans .
how many do you estimate you 've seen ?
you recall one incident where a girl falsely cried rape .
that does not invalidate or disprove the issues of mysogeny and rape culture in our society .
you are able to post these words online , but could you look into the eyes of this terrorized and sexualized girl and accuse her of making this up ?
explain the statistics that 321,500 victims over the age of 12 are raped or sexually assaulted each year in the united states .
as of 1998 , 17.7 million american women have been victims of rape or attempted rape .
and those are just the ones that get reported .
and you think that the tiny minority of people who fake it should invalidate survivors ?
82 % of juvenile victims are female .
90 % of adult rapes are female .
this is a gender issue .
men have been trained by society to act privileged and entitled over women .
she is not lying .
and neither are the 17.7 million victims and survivors .
she is valid and needs men and women alike to stand with her .
westlope , your comments ( as i see them ) are appearing here , so i 'm wondering if you can provide evidence of this " rigged " system ? ...
race jokes are great as long as they are n't hateful and everyone is comfortable with them .
friendship and respect is much more important than being p.c constantly .
love your fellow human
" @shumstafa that 's fucking disgusting . " "
there 's no song called ' i kissed a trans man ' " " like ? ? ?
that 's not the point ? ? ? ? "
political opinions are like penises .
< repeat > .
< repeat > n that a woman should never have one .
& gt;be incel 
 & gt;take normal photo of yourself 

 & gt;post it online 

 & gt;get ridiculed , become an internet joke and see the picture getting reposted in multiple sites for years 

 " why do n't you get a facebook anon ? "
especially when you consider the fact that they was no direct flights from nigeria to ireland makes it even more shocking
the obvious answer is to get rid of all males .
except me , i ’m nice .
i ’m an expert on this subject because i wrote this .
hahahaha !
these traitor slime , antifa females need to get out .
they are slime .
all of these females should be put in prison and left until they rot .
the civil war is coming .
i am going to make four predictions for < number > things i am positive will happen prediction for < number > < number > < number > germany or sweden courts will establish precedence that women who become pregnant from rape by a migrant can not abort the fetus without the father consent with threat of hate crime charges
you need a cock in your mouth & one in your ass , gay boi ! #
shemale # shecock # tranny @talktomemen url
racism against anyone will * * not be tolerated * * on r / holdthatfeedingtube .
bet you ca n't beat that
true this is why i endorse the hotep negro movement only the hoteps do not want to rely on the white man laws wealth lands are anti zionist and want to go back to africa this makes our goals for an all whitenation more attainable youtube or google hoteps and alt right
they should all be deported to a somali war zone where they belong , along with every guardian employee .
> , ultimately questioning whether they should have married him instead of a much more emotive latino helicopter pilot .
this is all very funny .
thank you for eloquently explaining what most men struggle with regularly !
this game full of fake niggas dick riders clout chasers niggas gon ride yo wave till it no more beneficial for them
i 've been waiting for like 3 amazon orders for several weeks now because the dates keep changing for the arrival time . & #
128579 ;
to this day i still watch the wild n ' out episode with @austinmahone & amp ; i never get tired of it.&#128525;&#128149 ;
you believe only those people who reinforce your faith in trump .
you speak for your wife , do you ?
i guess you white christian men know how to keep them under control , no burkas required !
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
wore a white shirt and spilled coffee on it again that s cool i m notmal
get rid of those fucking muslims !
the nasty ones that wo n't assimilate , rape women , beat children , threaten democracy , plan terror attacks , assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence .
assimilate or get the fuck out or be prepared to die !
everyone is being ugly in ow and i got a shitty loot box , , , it 's time to start watching my show
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
stay in your lane ai nt no traffic in your lane stop trying to be in other niggas lanes
another sad and terrifying example of how the rape hysteria in america ruins men 's lives with zero evidence .
they e all gay pakistan has more male prostitutes than any other country most paki men have had homosexual sex with other men and boys sick fucks
i was thinking maybe we can meet and suck each other 🍆 🍑 👌 ♋ ♒ # tgirl # cock # clit url
she is retarded stupid feminist manspreading is a thing that people with balls need to do she is a retard
you are right , but there is really more than that .
this so called progressive ideology has destroyed economy of the country and it is most visible in ontario where economy was not one trick pony .
they have brought tremendous hardship on people where their salaries amount to nothing and their expenses grow every day to feed incredible apparatus that keeps growing .
in their own minds they think more regulation they introduce more effective governing we have .
every program they introduced has miserably failed .
they even have achieved incredible paradox .
in ontario price of energy is so high that businesses can not afford it and low dollar can not entice them to stay and build .
the largest companies they bribe into staying in ontario by giving them large grants .
so , it really does n't mater weather ideology is right or left , since economy is not right or left .
it is just in shambles .
so anyone is welcome who can at least try to fix this .
o'leary at least has some economic sense .
a little concerned at what is happening here .
uh .
this story may not be over .
no one " hijacked " the story .
this is a forum , not an newspaper article .
it was a compassionate expression to inform others .
to bad he has to endure the ire of righteous and pious people who claim they are ones who determine what is to be written in this forum or not .
but you get alot of american white nationalists or nazis claiming to want all non - white descendants out of america but america is not a native white continent or country .
war is not violence and killing pure and simple war is controlled violence for a purpose robert heinlein
i bet you kiss girls faggot shit fit
9/11 recieves one day of remembrance each year gay pride receives a whole month because of how big that tragedy is .
it actually making blax angrier as it is showing huwhytes what is really happening and that most of the violence directed at dindu is justified notice it takes longer and longer to get video evidence where as before those recordings were readily available
our first divorce that crazy bitch before it too late
gender and birth date are two fields that will never change .
" now i understood why ppl be saying " " y' all not built like me " " cause omg some ppl really not built like me ... "
eat a dick .
i 'll bet you never got into a fight .
pussy
so many angry white men denouncing rape culture .
colour me shocked !
all of y' all bitches are hatin me right now haters are givin me strength bangin your t - shirt like it was nothin and i know&#128527;&#127911;&#127925;&#127925;&#128131;&#128131;&#128131 ;
of course it is about hate and intolerance ... and a lack of understanding of the real challenges faced by people who are transgendered , hermaphrodites , etc .
and what about dads with their young daughters , mothers with their young sons , special needs or disabled caretakers , someone helping their aged mother or father ?
do i now have to carry my birth certificate with me if i look a little feminine ?
the end of a year - long chain of queer allyship posts
the neo nazi faggots are all running back to twitter twatter i dunno i am attempting an educated guess the next question is what or who scared the shit out of them and made them run away
we are different people with different backgrounds and experiences .we'll always have diverse opinions ! !
u not looking at a bitch u can hold back
< user > < user > < user > its very easy to make comments from comfort of your luxury life first please live a life as refugee and than make a comment you have no idea what radical islamist has done to minorities in our islamic neighbourhood
there 's a church near where in live that used to be unoccupied and so it was transformed into a sikh temple .
wanting to respect it 's original faith , christians are still welcome to come in and pray and they regularly do cross - faith services and events .
it 's really lovely .
my mother of 85 when she moved to a reitirement home ..... she could no long pay me , the grass cutter , eaves cleaner , air conditioning man , balck top sealer , gardener , perennial gardner maintainer , annual planter , car wash cleaner , tree pruner , deck stainer , brick cleaner , chimmney cleaner , rug cleaner , hardwood floor cleaner , washing service .... and there is more .... yupper .... live in your house and sit ourside and enjoy 12 months a year .
when i started to charge her for full time help and realized its a full time job a times , she moved .
freedom ...... i could not help but hold my sides from complete laughter when reading your inane response ..... freedom ..... lol ... yes if you have other people to do it idiot .
in the long run we are all dead good one john maynard you childless faggot fraud i hope you are being raped by flaming demons in the abyss
i m trying to not be on my phone during school but this guy in my class is pissing me off so bad i need a distraction
in all seriousness there a probability of moslem men attending the million woman march and sexually assaulting them i hope i am wrong
niggas really sending packages to my house for my birthday and idek who sending em
just about everybody in /r / bestof agrees : men are incapable of controlling sexual urges ; if you do n't give your husband sex he will cheat on you .
him and obama are real close-- real real close--
yeah , that man would look pretty ridiculous , given that 80 % of congress , 95 % of fortune 500 ceos , and 100 % of american presidents are male .
why , do you suppose , do those women make an issue of that ?
kimmel has sexual harassment accusations made against him in < number > < number > < number >
< user > the ccp turned china into chinazi ccp_is_terrorist
so , brian is a creep too and just got out .
lol .
all of you pieces of shit are closet pedophiles .
sorry , 16 year old girls are children .
kill yourselves .
url
< user > goodnight redneck
" islamist terrorists are n't attacking western interests due to an " extreme and irrational fear " of the west .
they do it for other reasons . "
please list the other reasons .
and before he is defended as just a poor innocent sleepy guy let 's look at his most recent arrests : 

 september 2012 :   hit and run ; burglary parole violation 

 february 2014 :   burglary parole violation ; hit and run ; felon with a weapon and ccw 

 july 2014 : possession meth and burglary parole violation 

 august 2014 :   robbery i ; theft ii ; unlawful use of a weapon 

 just the guy you want in your mom 's extra bedroom !
in the muslim religion can a woman marry her brother ?
my coworker told me he was a pansexual & amp ; explained to me what that meant ... i feel him .
that 's dope
two week gaf ban for shouting down people equating rachel dolezal with people who 're transgender .
worth it .
if you are n't a gay man who passes , you should get back in the closet until you kill yourself .
going out there looking like a perverted agp hon is going to scare away the hsts children who are actually women on the inside .
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
first off weirdo the only troll on this page is you .
secondly , sanitation goes beyond washing your filthy hands over and over again .
it 's our water supply and sewage systems that greatly improved to the point that we recovered from these plagues faster than developing countries in the third world who also had the same vaccines provided to them as us .
so figure that one out you angry mut .
< user > < user > but you said you like guys that what gays do
sure lowlyrepub , that must be it .
seems some of the civil posters did n't like my pinball analogy to your commenting style .
oh well , have a fun time tonight .
his humor is saying edgy offensive shit that he knows will get under peoples ' skin .
haha i said faggot , haha i said nigga , haha slightly artistic , haha i said retard .
locking people up for crimes , might work better , with a lot less amenities , like tv , and a lot more mandatory hard labor and a lot more narrower meal choices ..... 

 say .... street sweeping or shoveling snow ?
the church 's " definitive statement " is based on neither theology nor logic .
all god 's children ( male and female ) are made in god 's image .
that image does not reference genitalia .
both men and women are equipped to function as priests , that is , servant - leaders .
to deny women one of the seven sacraments because women shave their legs and not their faces is bald - faced injustice .
" either ordain women or stop baptizing them . "
so are you gay or not ?
you ca n't be pretty gay " .
at the end of the day , bisexuals are usually actually homosexuals . "
these questions become more relevant when we consider the fact that , as rachel maddow recently pointed out , russia is now putting four times as much of their military resources into cyber warfare than they are into conventional warfare .
meanwhile , donald trump wants to increase our already bloated military budget in order to fight the last war .
of course , since russia 's new cyber warfare advantage helped elect him it stands to reason that he would n't be much interested in re - balancing our military 's current budget to include more in the way of cyber - security .
i mean , why spoil a good thing - for him ?
y' all know the weather getting bad tomorrow cause even chad closed rockin ' jump for the day and that never happens & # 128514 ;
mulroney was at a fundraiser for patrick brown 's leadership campaign .
i ca n't wait until we 're in a position to be able to share more details , but not yet .
it 's early days .
politics has nothing to do with being asked to cooperate with what someone does - i.e. work for them - and finding that what they 're doing violates my own morality and/or presents a conflict of interest .
your comment about " refusing to bake a cake for a gay man , " however , belies your ignorance of the real issue , which does n't exist when serving someone in a way that merely respects them as an individual , be they black , white , " gay , " " straight , " male , female , etc .
what do < number > conspiracies and genders have in common only a couple of them are real and more fake ones keep being created
excellent comment , alascat
what do you mean how do i figure can you read do you have any self awareness at all with responses like these i should just default to calling you a retarded faggot now go away and stop wasting my time amateur
here 's my suggestion .
ignore the un 's report .
let nature take it 's course as it always does .
every time man intercedes we cause an even bigger problem .
next year there will be millions all wanting to become our latest crop of refugees .
i do what i wanna do these niggas love anything they can fuck why bother
i like my women like i like my cigars < number > years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack .
1 ) so race relations have not budged since the mid-80 's ?
maybe update your " teaching " : materials , more than 30 years have gone by and a lot of change has taken place .
this invisible backpack thing is badly out dated .
2 ) if a teacher can shut up a white male with an insinuation straight out of kafka 's the trial , then ... what power / privilege exactly does this white male have ?
what systemic / institutional power is the white male using here ?
he is silenced , and powerless to even state an opinion .
where is all this power he has ?
power is contextual , no one has all power all the time .
3 ) the black population of canada is less than 3 % .
white population is 80 % .
maybe , just maybe , white people have so much representation because they are the overwhelming majority .
this is just a fact .
there 's no malice , no grand conspiracy .... unless you are so racist as to think that white people are having and raising children simply to spite and hurt minorities .
saying the n word if you ’ re white means you ’ re racist and saying the f word if you ’ re straight means you ’ re homophobic idc what u say
virgil is a fucking menace on fifa < number >
i do n't understand bisexuals .
why ca n't they just pick a side ?
the syrian muslim refugees live among the common people terrorizing raping stabbing and plotting their next attack against the infidels royals and the other < percent > er globalists live conveniently sheltered from the evils they push on us little people
thanks for the link .
banana republic time .
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
why asshat @bwilliams still even has a job is beyond me .
the definition of fake news and dumbassery !
trans women can identify as lesbian anyone who thinks otherwise can eat my ass url
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
english is a beautiful languages ; it has a lot of silent letters a few examples : 

 tsunami   -   ' t ' is silent 

 honest   -   ' h ' is silent 

 island   -   's ' is silent 

 my dad   -   ' dad ' is silent
that juice wrld nigga is terrible
i saw the t_d posts bro , you 're for sure an incel do n't deny it . "
girls who like sex are gross ! "
if you are n't an incel , you 're an absolute child , and probably alone lol
i 'm not mixed i 'm pure xhosa .
i 'm purely african nothing else just that 😊 😊 😊 is n't that beautiful
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
when someone i do n't like has me blocked or vise versa & amp ; people still text me screenshots .
no ma'am . & #
128686 ;
" teaching in collaboration with dr. jacquetta page .
course title : " " the black eye : viewing the africana world through creative non - fiction . "
twitter has found that nearly 37,000 automated “ bot ” accounts with russian links generated 1.4 million tweets that were seen by a potential 288 million people in the three months before the november 8 , 2016 presidential election , according to a source familiar with its planned testimony .
@rawstory @realdonaldtrump you have nerve to call folks nasty , have u looked in a mirror , you have orange , blotchy , sagging skin ; stringy fake hair on ur fat head , probably smell like ass juice n bengay , rotten teeth , and fat as fock !
now that 's nasty !
🖕 😁
snorrrrrrrrre
dating for sex ❤ ️ to show pussy ?
😱 follow the below link and have lots of fun 👉 url note : verify email to send msg to girls # boobs # tits # dicktribute # slut # fuck # dick # clit # sellnudes # buynudes # hornysnap # dirty # ass # booty # paypal url
jayda fransen britain first was arrested at today 's justice for chelsey demonstration .
< user > we have a lot refugees we can share a little bit 😂
@space_chihuahua @isabeloakeshott @jeremy_hunt so if the baby 's a wrong ' un .
kill it ... ?
is that a good choice .
religion aside .
is that the right thing to do ?
killing babies is deeply wrong .
i 'm kicking against this " yay ... women 's rights ... ! "
attitude .
i fear its got similar to the pre - abortion - give it up for adoption rule .
@arslan_hidayat xinjiang minority policy is getting better and better
no , like i said , your rule changes would destroy the sport .
financial journalism has descended from " on the one hand , on the other " , stolen from the shakespeare 's lawyers , to " it might go up and it might go down in the market " , equals ? "
markets will continue to fluctuate " of 100 years ago .
why do i , why do you , read these trash articles ?
wasting time like this keeps us    not    worrying about things , maybe - that are real ?
" @sad_magic_heir " " humans can eat grass , but not recommended . " "
fuck that i m a grass eater and i m guna stay one "
one of my dear friends is iranian and i will touch base with her .
she is hetero but pretty progressive and i know her brothers are progressive as well .
she does n't like to do things over text so it might take a minute .
hyungwon said this is my fansign you all are gon na come to my lane hoes
" if you do nt " " chase em you replace em " " why you hating and taking credit for something that did n't involve your opinion & # 129300 ; "
yeah do nt i know it back in my day a woman did nt even have the right to say no and if she did you d give her a good wallop and these millenials woth tgeir phones and degrees buch of fucking nancies do nt i know it jim boris is gon na sort us our and get rid of them nancies and womens rights fuck anybdy that say otherswise
why do white guys love being so edgy ?
they 're able to slit their wrist much easier anytime they seek attention
how does a woman rape a man ?
at first it 's hard but then it 's easy .
< user > < user > impossible trudeau bringing in over < number > million immigrants liberal voters by next election
time to cook that , just a pinch of baking soda , then cut that , first smoke that before you bump that , the third nigga is the best , then is you up , white house do nt walk up in any hood , lets cap that , everybody rep flags , some pledge of allegiance , some take five to the chest , when i die , this still be here unless you want to tske me down like these bitch ass niggas in the streets , always hate this
thankfully , iolani does not recruit and give scholarships to boneheaded bozos who can knock heads but are , shall we say , less endowed with brain material .
that 's why , unlike punahou and other private schools , iolani is never known for   it 's football teams .
only students later excelling in the real world of stem , medical and other high professional occupations .
http://www.acog.org/-/media/statements-of-policy/public/sop069.pdf?dmc=1&ts=20170426t1357471580
maybe white collective males , worthless losers , and white hicks should stop committing acts of terror
if i had 5 $ for every gender ... i would have 10 $ and a lot of counterfeit money .
we need to stop doing this fucking rain dance i swear
suck my fetal dick ?
make “ patriot ” as disgusting as “ nazi ” to liberals
i 'm glad you pointed this out that anti - bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
every bih want her a wedding ring but these bitches be fucking on everything - kodak
gender and birth date are two fields that will never change .
i 'm a woman and i endorse this message
why are men actually retarded
< user > < user > so if an animal does body language you start to rape it also < number > < number > years old they do not understand shit about sex and do not say then let us teach them that not the point kids should be hanging out with friends and playing games not being statutory raped
my biological family used to call me faggot , and other words and tell me everyday i was would die if aids .
after i survived that , i vowed that i get to choose whose words affect me .
there will be no punishment , but eye for an eye , fit for this woman .
that poor child was without the penis clip , most likely , because and   why he was in a garbage bag .
who puts a child in a garbage bag ?
i 'd sentence this woman to 15 minutes in a room with 15 mothers , aunts , sisters , grandmothers ...... 
  what she did is despicable beyond words .
that poor boy - god bless that child .
he is as damaged as any sexually abused child ...
user profile image 
 timothy mcmillan4 minutes ago 
 so is eric senior still eligible for “ father of the year ” if his son ’s dead body was found bloated full of weed , xanax , coke and fentanyl ?
if so , that would be quite an accomplishment for a man who just lost his job because he ’s a deviant sexual predator .
way to go eric sr . !
hang in there !
between this article and mclaren 's piece ,   i can see the globe & mail is gearing - up for father 's day .
" father 's day - it 's all about the women " !
waddles the clown just ca n't let it go like a real man , instead preferring to blubber , simper and whine behind his stupid tweets like the bloated orange coward he is .
the freak has all the dignity of a dirty - faced toddler with a fully - loaded diaper .
you must be terribly young to believe total freedom is the answer to 
 what ails our societies .
you speak like a nra supporter with a love of stacks of semi automatics in his pickup .
those are his beliefs .
hefner was a serial sexual predator he lured many women to the playboy mansion and seduced them by the thousands .
the liberal msm promoted hefner as a liberator of women for decades .
one of the richest men in the adult industry with a cult status that no liberal hollywood elitist ever bothered to complain about .
him and obama are real close-- real real close--
hopefully somebody drove a stake through his heart to ensure he stays dead .
the man was evil , and his evil lives on .
i don ’ t want no “ man ” who is tempted to hit up another woman when we don ’ t see eye to eye niggas be so ghetto
welcome to stormfront first of all , secondly if your political party is only for scotland maybe you should put this in sfgb .
i have been totally fascinated by the reaction to your original comment .
it 's mind blowing how bringing up gender equality issues , even somewhat obliquely ,   will trigger some people .... especially if god is brought into the thought .
mary daly was right when she observed that when god is male , males are gods .
women might just as well move to the back of the bus even though the biological and evolutionary reality is women are the bus drivers .
crazy how we 're born into religions born into discrimination , born into toxic families .
a little clip from my chastity vlog day 017 .
for all of you who like to see women come on their men 's faces , while they get nothing but more frustration !
😊 😈 premium : url trailer : url please share !
@dirkhooper @dommelinx @rtfucker url
i 'm curious as to why melania launched her legal action so much quicker than her husband , who threatened ( promised ) to sue the women who accused him of sexual assault ... 

 as for the justice 's characterization of there being no more worse slander than calling a woman a prostitute , i would suggest that wrongfully calling a woman a vile   racist would be considerably worse .
murderer .
child rapist ... all things that are much worse than an activity which , while often illegal , has been around for as long as men having been trading rocks .
or real estate .
i heard it was thunder thighs billiary walking across the tundra .
< user > < user > < user > they are all over the place so you will walk past one on the way to your connecting gate over the years the actual target agency has changed but it always one of the orgs that helps refugee kids or other at risk children
< user > ho jay gay
he only wanted a gas can so he could go to various parking lots and make money ......... " excuse me ma'am / sir my truck is out of gas do you have a couple dollars so i can fill up my fuel can ? "
you claim there is a lack of media coverage about women raping men while linking to a newspaper article about women raping a man ... uh , ok !
niggas love acting like they know more than you
great story but the declaration was officially signed on aug 2 , 1776 .
just read that today .
suddenly , like something out of the blue , the archbishop of brisbane , australia says that the church there is seeing the worst time in the history of the catholic church in australia and reform is needed badly .
yes , after the clerical sex abuse has divided and broken the church in australia , and the men have wounded the church they were supposedly to serve , now one of their new reforms is to bring women into greater positions of authority inside the church .
such hypocrisy is beyond words ! !
now that they have betrayed the church ,   they want women to come and rescue it .
you all should have thought of that a thousand years ago .
it 's a little late in the game .
< user > he should resign and then commit hara kiri in front of those bloody thirsty muslim scumbag camel jockeys
rudy jimenez   you do n't get it do you ?
you make your country a shithole , you are hateful racist and should n't be around young children .
moron .
drain the " swamp " !
charges against comey was submitted by the deputy attorney general who is an obama appointee .
the charges indicate that comey repeatedly exceeded his authority that is reserved for the attorney general 's office .
senator schumer who earlier called for the removal of comey is now denouncing the firing ? ? ? ?
" echo chamber " ?
you 're a real comedienne .
" please cum inside me ! "
your wife begs over and over for the bull to fill her pussy with his seed .
he shows no hesitation to oblige .
you continues filming like a good cucky . #
cuckold # hotwife # interracial # breeding # bigblackcock # sizequeen # qos # sissy # bbcwhore # teamblackboys url
adopting pro homosexual policies walmart plays both sides of the social issues culture war it does this by cultivating good relations with both homosexual activists like human rights campaign and christian conservative organizations like american family association afa
truly shocking how much media coverage is just a simplistic narrative of nonwhite tribalism good white reactions evil
man bro i would love to suck that fat cock and suck your balls and asshole .
i will only see to respecting transgenders for there mental illness and that they need to go get a government ... and stay out of polical offices and schools influence and leadership ..
migrant families being flown to san diego from texas in u.s. border crisis - reuters url
the aca was developed , proposed , debated on , ammended and passed democratically .
it is not fascism .
it is not communism .
the individual mandate is for insurance pool purposes - in other words , business needs -    plus it is protection from abusing the emergency room instead of having insurance , as one should .
your comments show little sophistication or understanding of democracy or the aca or even the need for ( and the right to ) health care .
do n't know if any of this is obsolete but it 's a start ...
i have never seen this group of clowns before ....... they seem to be pretty faggy
2 condoms walk by a gay bar the other one looks at the other and asks " hey , you wanna go get shitfaced ? "
our most respected law enforcement agencies can not be trusted ? "
a little revolution every now and then is a good thing . "
thomas jefferson
only one question for grenn : if elected will you join whatever caucus is headed by mike cbc chenault ?
if the answer is yes , well ... meh .
banks do n't care telecom companies do n't care airlines do n't care online stores do n't care and we call this the age when customer is king .
bi and married to a man .
i miss the community .
i feel like i do n't belong anymore .
but glad to read there 's so many of us !
i love how south african women go so hard for each other because nobody especially cishet black men is gon na back us like us
remind the retarded shitlibs that we are inaugurating the president of the united states donald j trump happens to be it this term imagine the outrage if even one person on the right protested or did not show up for obamas inauguration grow up maga
looks like she 's ready to be fucked by a couple of dicks .
@sadiqkhan @cnn this muslim wants to falsely accuse president trump if rolling back women 's rights , while khan and his muslim brethren would subjugate women under their medieval sharia law .
he is being dishonest and disingenuous , which is par for the course for this muslim insurgent ! ! !
absolutely but do you really think we should be allowing ghetto blacks to redefine our language
bernie stands up for all minorities .
my nigga you sound dumb as fuck i have yet to reply to any of these horny mother fuckers get lost nigga u dumb cunt
imo capital punishment does nt need to cost taxpayers anything i ’ ll kill nazis for free hand me a gun
that 's gay .
anyone else find it disturbing that she was driving without a license and thus uninsured ?
dermal fillers are often a kind of soft tissue designed to enable injection into the skin for purposes of improving appearance . #
wrinkles
+ ross ion coyle the swing at minorities is his entire point
" facebook said there was nothing of a partisan political nature in the ads , so how could they influence electoral processes ? "
-- 

 facebook said no such thing .
if you have to make it up , would n't it be less embarrassing for you to just not reply at all ?
beta males and their feminist masters yammer on about the morality of sex being nice and how women are the real victims while mexican alpha breed them out of existence virtue signaling will not propagate your genes only subjugating women and putting buns in the oven early and often
shit use to slap when you was starving , niggas got it out the mud 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
doing what you like is freedom .
liking what you do is happiness .
--frank tyger # maywardflyhigh
assumptions are n't helpful .
like you , i am registered non - partisan after leaving the republican party at the end of the reagan years .
i was satisfied with our bipartisan legislature as long as it lasted .
you ca n't please all the people all the time , but it 's important to please most of the people ( moderates of both parties and as much as can be accommodated on both sides ) most of the time .
i do n't understand the marky reference .
if referring to mark begich ( is he active these days ? )
then i would point out that there was n't much difference between begich and lisa murk voting records .
a lot of people call her rino , i call her a moderate .
i do n't care for her personally or how she got her seat though .
i 've only voted for her to ensure joe miller stayed far far away from positions of power .
wait just figured out the white dude called him a nigger fuck him
boss walks in w/ duke shirt on .. i almost quit , but then i realized i need this job and we just won the title lol # wegood
when they know there are tax credits and subsidies to support exploration , and production it cost them not one thing to make a wholly meaningless public relations statement .
< user > yuh we nigga i m a cowboys fan unlike ur patriot faggot ass
nice this post and very helpfull
@redgreendidymus @scrowder no problem .
you have my permission to resume smearing your own shit on the wall and masturbating in your own filth .
you fucking inbred .
@tnhtalk fucking thot
< user > lmao nah she retarded
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
me at first : " what is this high school musical shit " me later on : " what is this gay high school musical shit its awesome " touching ;)
and not a problem or anything to be ashamed of , per se .
91 % of white people marry other white people , and 84 % of black people marry other black people .
i have black friends but would never marry a black person .
many of them feel the same way about white people .
nothing wrong with preferring one race over another .
we are tribal people by nature .
url
to all the users lurking here from r / askreddit , is there anything you 'd like to ask us ?
well my comment did n't meet civility standards , so i wo n't rite about the sick mind of a male who gets his jollies off by having sex with a child .
i will say this school is not even on the creepy badgers homestead .
so alaskans , what a way to say welcome pedophilies by naming a elementary school after one of their own .
what i 've written , out of respect for several people on this site , is nothing like the real antipathy i feel for trump .
there are many people of equal or greater wealth than mr. trump .
mr. trump 's vanity is absurd when looking at people like gates , buffet , hemingway , or the accomplishment of women who have overcome bias to excel in education , the arts , motherhood and industry .
i 'll celebrate the 95 year old matriarch still guiding her grandchildren to a good life , thank you .
how about the pastor or counselor who faces great emotional pain every single day and does so in private ?
trump expects worship , he 'll get none from me .
it 's my opinion .
i do n't like the man and it has little to do with his wealth .
i 've met braggers and bullies my whole life , as you the reader have .
the fact that trump wears a thousand dollar suit does n't hide his sociopathic behavior .
it 's an opinion .
everybody has one .
lol
abortion is a very small part of reproductive services .
are you an aging white male or something like that ?
buffalo wings and chicken fingers are clear evidence that genetic modification has been going on for decades without any major side effects .
so long as alaska remains a beacon of liberty , we will attract those that love liberty , as well as those that abhor liberty .
so far the lovers of liberty are in the majority .
when looking at the pictures and news clips of these " nazi sympathizers " i see a crowd of angry young white males .
rightly or wrongly they see themselves as victims , not the members of a privileged white majority .
since school age they have been inundated with how bad white males are ( stereotyped ) .
they have been described by society as being rapists , bigots , racists , islamophobic , misogynistic and the all around cause of other peoples troubles .
of course , for their ancestors , some or all of this is true , but , having to continue to suffer for the sins of their fathers is creating a subset of very angry young white men .
we are reaping what we have sown .
so niggas wanna be bitches and shit wearing flowers and shit smh y' all niggas gay !
that guy was constantly posting thankyoualtright snarky bullshit as statues were being taken down after charlottesville that from a guy who i am sure has never done shit but post on the internet now he white knights lame faggotry
why tf is the seoul immigration office for the inner seoul districts outside of seoul
insinuating that i am the retard whilst claiming to be in the alt right whilst shilling for jews and faggots nice whole new levels of retard have been achieved with this one
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
all of these are right ( except the baby killers maybe ) .
you 've probably definitely had gay and maybe trans teachers .
she got the maddow dyke neck
haha , upon further inspection a grown man that plays a car soccer game has decided to talk shit .
how about you stay in your lane in fantasy land and keep trading your " low tier items " that match that low iq of yours .
fucking faggot .
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
niggas wanna disrespect bow wow , just text me the addy and i 'm pullin skrappin .
and i 'm by myself what 's hannenin ! ?
all white men are fascists fine we are fascists now and we are going to purge undesireables from our society lel wait what
everything about this piece makes me want to avoid john doyle for the rest of all time .
he loads every sentence with disdain , giving the impression that he 's above and sees through everything on television .
eww .
find someone else to write for you , someone who enjoys tv !
his disdain is only worsened by his affection for overusing offensive descriptors " tweeness " ( used 4 times ) and " feyness " ( i 'm sorry , a gay man is " too gay " and this offends your homophobic worldview ? )
get rid of john doyle .
seriously .
it is important for movements to have allies , just like you and your partner are allies to the queer rights movement .
doctors and lawyers are professionals .
these people are paid to be cannon fodder , which is easily verifiable by looking at what they are paid .
their " base instincts " are what they are .
progressive idiots like you , who advocated women serving alongside men , were given plenty of warning .
time for you to clean up your mess .
< user > welcome to nazi india
every job in the world exists solely to make a white woman life better
sana after realizing we all have been singing " is sana gay " all this time url
myself paul jayda fransen enjoying a bit of downtime from our stressfull dangerous lives well never surrender to islam we are christian soldiers ns we are the people
blacks are human we are all just human no boomer cucks and sjw parasites we are different blacks are not human nor are asians and arabs they are sub species
espn distances itself from the truth .
russia listen to freeland after they broke the story of her revered grandfather being a nazi collaborator ?
lol .
i 'd like two tickets to the next show and a smile , caitlin .
< user > < user > what war on women your talking points are tired and old give it up
no excuse for us not to offer refugee status to white refugees in south africa
well , you 've certainly convinced me , thatcher .
i 'll be getting all my information on russia and its government activities from the putin regime 's propaganda outlets , rt.com and sputnick news , from now on .
why place your trust in the free press in the democracies when you can rely on the russian dictatorship 's propaganda organs for information ?
i 've been such a fool up until now !
thank you for your guidance , comrade thatcher .
the haters who have high self esteem and see me as lower or try laughing at metrying to be egotistic and narcisstic ass fuck whether single or not and think their life better than mine deserve a big fuck you too
its my guess that we are probably seeing this same thing in national politics right now .
the left is not gaining ground , the base on the right is just no longer willing to put up with the religious right and is separating them from the herd .
they call them asians over there
if anyone is genuinely interested in the topic of racial inequality i 'd suggest reading the new jim crow by michelle alexander .
why are there so many male rapists out there ?
because the females do n’t have the balls to do it themselves .
haha @tharodickk i m not sexist .... but i honestly think only men should be reporting on football on sportscenter ... just saying haha
my aunt 's facebook status : : it 's really bothering me that my [ 4 - yr - old ] boy is obsessed w/ his female cousin 's dora backpack .
commenter : : my son started kissing everyone because we kiss him .
my husband started telling him kissing was for sissies , lol .
my aunt : : that is so funny ! ...
maybe b / c it 's purple , it bothered me .
i love that you enjoy being trans .
men ca n't be raped .
if you 're a man you consent by default .
today i was standing in a clinic and there were two indian women doctors standing next to me and all i could think was " damn i wish our ancestors could see this "
the good thing about the nazi dumbasses is they hold their national convention in a phone booth for you young dumbass nazis that a little bitty space i have heard you can get < number > people in one
maybe they were greeting each other with a holy kiss .
now , after all the rant on exclusive male homosexuality , the church has a new problem to grapple with .
what fb has been violated ?
let us know how the school and/or church handles this problem now and in the future to stamp out homosexuality .
police enter a black woman 's home with out permission ... url
lmao insert some attempt a insult that only works w new right kike worshipping cerno dick sucking gorilla vox pedo faggots
pussy nigga shit he the type if i catch slipn i 'll make em bite the curve while i piss on it
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
i had to remove a pro war for israel reposter from my feed it was getting ridiculous all the nonsense that was being reposted these people are not retarded of course they are paid to post propaganda for the military industrial complex using sock puppet accounts or they are just jews
what do you call a sitcom about caitlyn jenner and her mexican roommate ?
juan and a half man .
i totally agree .
trump supporters , who elected a man accused of sexual assault and harassment by a dozen women , who has been married to and has children by multiple women , who found religion at the age of 70 while running for president , who has declared bankruptcy and been sued for dishonest scams going back decades , who promotes all sorts of lies like birtherism , who tacitly accepts the support of white supremacists - you guys definitely claim the moral high ground .
i am so looking forward to being lectured about proper morals for the next 4 years while your orange emperor ceo loots the country on behalf of his rich buddies .
the best thing about this election is that the utter hypocrisy of right wing ' religious conservatives ' has been exposed once and for all .
they do n't give a fig about the moral and behavioral standards they have been self rightously shoving down everyone else 's throat for 40 years .
they care about nothing but money and power .
< user > there was a story about a girl getting raped by men in a mat and apparently they even inserted tw a chupa and ever since i have the same fear
dubya did not have a racist bone in his body .
the guy 's personal spiritual adviser who married jenna was a black pastor .
@authorkimberley we obviously need women to lead the house and the senate , and be our president .
so if the wall costs 10 billion , and the us pays 1 million of the total cost , you would consider that to be a " fail " ?
i think folks forget others may not think like them or live / have lived the same life experience .
which is okay , life is designed that way .
my reason for being more attractive to non - asian women or well really just white girls is the difference in culture .
they 're more loud , outgoing and confident , which i guess find more attractive in a woman .
also being going to school with a lot of white girls back in hs had to do something with it .
the republican efforts to get their own magic negro into the presidency was an attempt to recreate a kinder friendlier version of obama they could lead him by the nose on foreign policy while keeping economic policy status quo and getting less racial tension libs were right uncle tom
wrong .
women do n’t have the absolute right : women ( and men ) are prohibited from engaging in acts that will harm another person - person being an independent being , having been born .
for instance , an adult woman is prohibited from having sex with a minor , or engaging in prostitution .
the laws regarding incest are inplace specifically to guard against bearing children - because of the well - known likelihood of medical problems .
if chalena moody or gates had one speck of decency , they would have denied their mutual attraction .
that did n’t happen , so the next right thing would have been abortion .
mind you - i do n’t agree with abortion as a means of birth control , but think that it ’s a viable option in many cases .
< user > yea ur white so do not say it wigger
i just overheard my girlfriend telling her sister that she taking her retarded boyfriend to the pub tonight i can not believe she cheating on me
go sleep you old whore go get raped by a muslim you will enjoy it
doing what you like is freedom .
liking what you do is happiness .
--frank tyger # maywardflyhigh
i do n't understand bisexuals .
why ca n't they just pick a side ?
clueless marxist indoctrinated pussy hat women have no clue as to the pain they may cause as they parrot cultural marxism study cultural marxism people read study hard know your enemy it moves silently and unseen by most
uh been there done that !
a fandom with baby .
hello ! ! !
days of our lives .
will / sonny .
except that was a gay man that slept with a girl # robron
# nowplaying y modern player jaguar dirty demo | fender fender 2012 - 01 - 20 11:12:42 modern player jaguar played through a fende # これ聴いてるんだからねっ
" @crazy4comiccon i love that he goes " " unfollow " " & amp ; then proceeds to continue posting on the page . & #
128580 ; "
" sexual harassment / abuse " is the new charge of " heresy ! "
for inquisition 2.0 .
but in this version , only men can be guilty --- and all men are guilty .
they are demoshits never give a demoshit moslem or an illegal an inch they all will turn every city state and country into a shit hole
hillary is for women the following could not be reached for comment yazidi girls aborted girl babies syrian women and girls abandoned by their men we can not print the comments of jones willey broaddrick etc dirtyhillary neverhillary
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
" we talked about unambiguous common interests and shared interests , such as the environment .
we talked about the mismatch between hundreds of thousands of chinese students studying in canada versus fewer than 5,000 canadian students receiving similar exposure to china . "
some thoughts on this , hold on to your chairs , because this could burn a few snowflakes : 

 1 ) china does not share canada 's concerns with the environment .
2 ) there 's 100 's of 1000 's of students from china coming to study in canada because the educational and economic opportunities in canada are superior .
3 ) not many canadian students go to study in china because the educational 
 opportunities in canada are far superior and you get paid a pittance in china and the quality of life stinks .
you have already said that even if there was 100 % proof that trans women had no advantage over cis women then you still would n't accept trans women in women 's sport so you 're not really being rational on this topic .
meanwhile back in the world that i live in , there are no trans women who are world champions of their sport , no trans women who hold a world record in any event , no trans women that are olympic medalists , in fact so far no trans women that even made an olympic team .
that does n't align with your assumption that a penis magically gives you sporting prowess .
# truth will out 
 # speakfreely 

 # usa   # freedom   # liberty
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
botch you sound bout stupid as shit what about afro latinos who actually do speak spanish .
and how tf is a word for your parents equivalent to a racial slur stfu puta 🥰
@leslietheimp @neilhimself they were n't black
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
they love to attribute motivations and feelings for which there is no evidence steve sailor peter brimelow and jared taylor are genocidal even they they claim to oppose violence i have looked into their hearts and seen the hate likewise antifa violence is based on projection
< user > < user > bro his tits are nice no homo
after that the hardest part is dealing with the recoil .
ask reddit got hit up .
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
ofcourse it 'd be better with chanyeol yixing and jongin there but as long as they re all happy and taking care of themselves : dd
< user > honestly if god is real that mfer needs to send another flood or something this shit is just straight monsterous add white americans obsessed with anime to the deadly sins list
you obviously have never dealt with the faa .
the faa use to be about promoting aviation and more importantly aviation safety .
take ads - b ( anti - collision ) for example , because of the process to certify a technology like ads - b , to be " legal " in the eyes of the faa , it costs many times what it should .
ads - b transmitter / receiver upwards of 10,000 dollars to be legal , when a 200 $ ipad attachment will do ads - b but not be legal .
take a certified ifr gps goes for 10 to 20k , the same unit for an experimental different label goes for 1000$. the rediculous regulation is very much to blame for safety issues .
my older son 's been out since childhood and one of his favorite stories is about his paternal grandfather coming to his high school awards ceremony to see him get an award for lgbtq work . "
grandpa stopped at target on the way there and showed up to the ceremony looking like rainbow brite ! "
my son thought it was this perfect shining moment to see his otherwise conservative elderly grandfather in the audience in a rainbow trucker hat and suspenders .
about 25 % of people travelling to and from yvr- both workers and those catching a flight - use the canada line - a subway / skytrain running from downtown vancouver to the airport in approximately 25 minutes with numerous stops along the way .
it is highly efficient , clean , relatively cheap and heavily used .
you might be surprised how a well designed service like the canada line would catch on in toronto .
the aga khan is the head / imam of the ismaeli branch of the islamic shia followers ( 15 million ? ) .
as such he collects a contribution from his followers to be dispersed for good deeds .
he is ( his family / parentage ) also a successful busines man .... and one may question the manner in which he actually finances whatever - both the life style and ngo , certainly for purposes of clarification .
now that matter is worthy of journalistic investigation .... as for the helicopter ride - a bit more than the coffee and donut expense account scandal of ehealth fame , but missing the tryrannosaurus rex just behind you   .- ) like : how exactly does the aga khan finance his life style .... ? ?
< user > < user > white coats come along ma am hillary oh i seem to have lost a shoe white coats come along ma am
why is justin bieber like a shotgun ?
give him a cock and he 'll blow .
if twitter dm had an unsend option chats be like hi i like you hey hello this message was deleted you are beautiful helloo deleted texts fuck you bitch slut whore
i swear fine chicks be swearing they guy friends do n't wanna fuck them , it 's not that they do n't , they just ca n't cus they friendzoned
< user > < user > please adress this bernie family was killed in the holocaust this anti semite should be fired
yes ..
lisa is ' displeased ' with her party 's progress on healthcare legislation ?
what healthcare legislation ?
all that 's been proposed is a tax cut .
a tax cut that 's paid for by taking healthcare from millions of americans .
that 's not healthcare legislation , that 's the opposite of healthcare legislation .
lisa is ' displeased ' .
she 's just working her marks , refining her charade .
do n't buy into lisa 's deceptions , she 's already voted to move the ryan budget .
the ryan budget contains all the preliminaries to gut social security , medicare and medicaid .
lisa is a fraud .
her voting record puts the lie to her charade .
banks do n't care telecom companies do n't care airlines do n't care online stores do n't care and we call this the age when customer is king .
please save some pussys for us virgins
no i fucking do not so why was he panicking i hate you shitty hair you do not fucking hate me asshat the smirk disappeared into another face of anger his right arm pointing a sharp finger towards katsuki
and as for the white guys who keep bringing up the unproven and stereotyped statistics of sex abuse in the villages , let me just say this : according to proven studies and statistics , white men far outnumber any other group of men for sex crimes against children and for their killings .
as an infidel under islam you have three choices convert pay jizya or be killed as an infidel women you get the extra bonus can be raped enslaved bought and sold with islams blessing
yes , asking for alternative explanations is meant to assist you in learning more of a scientific method .
it is better for you to practice trying to find more than two , though .
that is why i asked .
who is that cow ?
girl ?
its 2019 .
everything is racist and you must get mad at all things .
man i loooove junie b so much i ca nt wait until i m finished with owed art so i can draw her myself ! ! ! ! ! !
:d
niggas been debating quilly and meek since < number > lol
okay cuck .
i see a cunt who got salty she walked in front of a car and damaged 2 cars because she was so salty over it .
you wo n't be dicking this girl by defending her on reddit .
given the number of men who send completely unsolicited " dick pics " to women they do n't even know on dating sites , i seriously doubt that most men would be embarrassed by it .
do n't worry , i 'm sure no one will be like " what a great idea " until a dude takes credit for it . &
lt;3
why am i crying that i was nt able to watch last night and all of my friends were telling me how good it was ?
being bi is just a transition step between straight and gay .
people who are bi just need to choose !
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > white christian boomers trashed the economy environment so their own kids could not enjoy the wealth the they did maybe you all should have had more abortions then your kids and grandkids would not have to hate you
we must fight for a us backed government ?
because that would be better ?
conflict is the us solution to all problems and has a dismal track record .
everything hacks your biology these days 

 porn hacks your sex drive 
 social media hacks your relationship drive 
 and video games hack your achievement drive
< user > choke on this civil war tweet author < user > same guy who said right on target when white supremacist trump on mlk day called haiti and african countries shithole countries
a gay nigga will rip ur kneecap off and use it to make himself a bowl of cereal and feed it to you them niggas is too powerful
you prove my point andi ... liberals are allowed to attack a black man 's beliefs and policies , but if a conservative does the same thing she is derided as racist .
if you ca n't get anyone to run in the three wards i 've mentioned , what possibility exists for changing the entire system to higher   pay for councilors or city wide elections or   strong mayor / council structure ?
you are wishing for pie in the sky because the alternative is not viable .
no one you like is willing to do the job you thinks needs doing , including yourself .
he showed my computer on hete watching the fucking hate
it means they are a rich fag jew
freedom is doing a lot of things right , particularly for customers living in the gta .
they are building the new lte network , adding spectrum from quebecor and have a largely unpublicized ( but exclusive ) arrangement with the ttc to provide cell coverage in the subway system .
they might do very well if canadians with bell and rogers shake off their complacency about getting hosed and make the switch .
i have sex the way i have my coffee : 

 single shot espresso .
months ago @ilhanmn was having a cozy dinner and holding hands with a white guy ( gasp ) since they are the enemy !
this was months ago , maybe he 's the sugar daddy that got her the condo ?
url
islam and antisexist parading together are like nazi and jewish together
did you offa to say which dyke it was btw british history offa dyke < happy >
these freaks need to be dropped off on devils island near south america and left to rot .
penises cut off too
< user > he doesn ’ t really hate immigrants not white ones anyway he ’ just giving his base what they want
yes , defining sexual assault is important and trump 's people did not suggest he should get to define it .
so ms. williams comment is nonsense .
as far as definitions go , society as a whole must through elected representatives define what various actions and scenarios violate law and what consequence to apply .
as i see it , we have trivialized sexual assault to mean anything a woman does not like .
rarely is sexual intercourse the issue .
no it is a hand on the butt , a light kiss , or other act of low rational consequence .
but the squeaky wheel gets the grease .
whining females and their male enablers make so much noise about being touched ( unrelated to sexual intercourse ) that the inconsequential is now a fount of conflict .
i think humans will always find things to piss them off .
no matter how close to perfect life is , complainers will still be there .
finished my last day ( for now ) as an sde ; monday will be the beginning of a trial period as a user experience designer .
yippee ! #
trialbyfire
of course the repentant person would be familiar with the laws of god , the church 's teachings , and strive to observe them , while the unrepentant person would believe his personal take is the law .
if they would n't come there illegally they would n't be detained , plain and simple .
if it was me i 'd throw a grenade on the middle of all of them except the women and children
go suck a nigger dick fake ass moonman
" arabian " .
these idiots have n't studied history .
arabians had n't gotten to judea until 700 ad
dumb idiot retard
the one who got fired knows that the chuckling , arrogant , ignoramus who fired him , is going to fired anytime and , eventually , buddies as they are ,   get elected again - in the case that those who follow " fake news , " are gone fishing in the next election ...
the government of spain has chosen to use police violence against its peaceful citizens because of the way they voted in a public election the globalists plan to destroy the sovereignty of countries and its citizens
everyone wants to act like they never did something and then claimed they dindu nuffin everybody dindu nuffin at one point in their life
" religion is the reason for backwardness in africa ,
you seem to be focusing on mainly the positive aspects of being a certain type of guy just like if i were to say i wanted to be a girl i 'd be focusing on mainly the positive aspects of a certain type of woman regardless of gender , we all want to be the attractive , charismatic social butterfly who has a perfect partner and kids that 's a dream scenario of a life
an observation the most anti gay men i know tend to be good with women either because they are players or they know how to keep their wives under their thumbs the most pro homo men i have known are either incels or stuck in relationships with bitchy ugly women who dominate them
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
i did n't go to school there but can i come too ?
there is no left and right here anymore its just forest trump the wingnut .
the man is a almost complete idiot .... he ca n't even complete that job .
nothing that a haircut and a lobotomy would n't cure .
after you strip off his makeup and clothes , biologically he 's still a man " . "
why did puzzle stop working on both my windows and samsung tablets .
ugly feminism .
saying that girls are in conflict with the male rulers , the patriarchy .
it is brainwashing children with alt - right propaganda .
i have a son .
my heart is heavy for these parents but it really is time to let go and deal with the grief rather   than trying to hold on to what can not be .
you guys are in my prayers .
dirty deals with regional allies and militias grown too big to disband have led to this – slaughter on the streets of khartoum url
misprint for change your cocks , transgender community at it again .
look at me .
we 're the jews now .
eventually taxpayers , and the young government workers who will pay ever more into the plan , and get less out , will revolt , and you could get whacked .
that would only be fair , i see no reason why you should get a pension worth 1.5 times , or double , or more , the cumulative value of what you and your employer paid in .
when more young people vote , and the financial unfairness of the present situation becomes clearer , it is possible that at least a portion of the huge shortfall will land on your head .
why should a current 25 - year - old pay big $ for 40 years , so you can collect more than you have paid for ? ? ?
my question is what kind of " man " is he who would still enjoy sex with op if she was miserable or unwilling ?
this guy sounds like a closeted pig who stumbled onto an incel forum .
bitch back up before i hit ur dumb ass
it more it news community looks into the lives of people we d otherwise not know let get real too not so many ghetto phone dindus and skanks
yeah i came out to my mom last year and she said not until i 'm out the house ( 4 years )
is this the same assembly person who said seniors should leave alaska because they ca n't get around in the snow ?
proof i mean i am on mobile and ca nt yank up the proof for me but if you stick around i can bash your head in with reality hitler loved sand niggers too he even gave them their own ss division the 1 3 th i think
you need to be a male model to even have the privilege of buying a woman dinner
really you mean to say that the housing , transportation and utilities needed to support an individual or a couple is the same as it is for a family of 6 ?
i am not a supporter of the child benefit program ( and i have 4 kids ) - however , it is simply illogical to exclude those types of expenditures when determining what it costs to raise a child .
most if not all of the expenditures you list grow incrementally as you add children to the household .
including the need for additional bedrooms , resulting in larger homes and higher property insurance bills .
additional or larger cars with car / booster seats , higher vehicle insurance and licencing costs .
more consumption of electricity , water , and even heating with kids in the home during office hours .
house maintenance is higher on a larger home not to mention the inevitable additional wear and tear .
no matter what your position is on the program it is laughable to suggest that anyone is " profiting " from the amount received .
america has become over - privileged if this is the current news .
people make this a national incident , because compared to most of the rest of the world ; our struggles in life are insignificant as a country .
url
i got ta pee so bad dawg i wish my suitemates would quit fucking playing
like actually wth is even wrong with these people
apparently you must be european descendant .
if you are not one of the members of what 's left of our tribe you need to go back to your national country .
what is my favorite thing about transexuals ?
their suiscide rate
someone just needs to pony up , and fuck one of these dudes forcibly in their ass .
ving rhames style .
most western europeans would rather be killed or raped not a play on words or a euphemism or have their children killed or raped by evil muslim invaders then be called a racist bigot xenophobe or islamaphobe cultural marxism schooling has brain washed them into submissive spineless pussies
they 're bars .
we 're not talking blocking the doors of universities to prevent blacks from getting in .
or preventing women from getting a law degree .
they can have ladies ' nights , men 's nights , men with ladies nights , hardhat nights , whatever .
i 've heard some people complain that the other six nights are already men 's nights .
well , waaah .
i think men tend to go to bars more than women , so if it 's true , there may be a reason for that .
it reminds me of when someone filed a discrimination complaint against hooters because hooters did n't hire as many male servers as female servers .
um , that 's kind of the point of hooters .
besides , most men in low - cut t - shirts look silly .
but jaded it is the guy who will pay for it .
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
why do i have to , you 're the older one :(
hmm maybe people should all illegally immigrate to the usa and slaughter the people living there now
that new nike react technology on that running shoe is giving ultra boosts a run for their money
as i just said on another article , if you can not bring yourself to the point of condemning without reservation people who wave nazi flags in the streets , then seriously , you are a part of what is wrong with america today .
this should n't be complicated .
you know you are not the epitome of homosexual beauty when you get more chat on grindr if you do not have a pic 🤷 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️ grindr
😿 lesbian gives redhead maid intense anal finger fucking url
she is genuinely hideous , a dumb , mentally ill fascist
a good idea in theory but in practice as found in the northern diamond mines , it was ' difficult ' to keep the required percentage of first nations people to get to and stay on the mine site as designated by the land use agreements .
why are all of you still dying of bombings ?
just use blast protection iv
my friends will always be my weakness lol .
say what you want to me , hurt me however you chose but do n't everrr try to do that to my friends
little did i know the next three days would be the absolute worst days of my life how wild is that https://t.co/px1fanbdg5
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
statistically the victim would be a young black male , shot by the same .
hey # ldnoverground !
the 05:59 from clapham junction to dalston junction is cancelled ! #
allchange # delayrepay # railrefunds
reminder : there 's no such thing as chicks with dicks 

 only dudes with tits
i hope you get everything you wanted and that you chose , i hope that its the realest thing that you ever know
i do n't care if some gays somewhere get married .
what i care about is when this begins to affect my children .
pentagon papers , from the cia , drip , drip , drip . "
history of u.s. decision - making process on viet nam policy . "
post , pp .
942 , 943 .
black , j. , concurring opinion mr .
justice black , with whom mr .
justice douglas joins , concurring .
yet the solicitor general argues and some members of the court appear to agree that the general powers of the government adopted in the original constitution should be interpreted to limit and restrict the specific and emphatic guarantees of the bill of rights adopted later .
i can imagine no greater perversion of history .
that is complete nonsense .
health care costs are already half what they are per capita than in the u.s. what we need is people who are willing to accept tax increases .
fuck that game it gay and retarded
men have ruined hugging for fucking everybody . #
hugs # men # awkwardmoment
i would like to emphasize the advice about keeping a diary of the events - do it daily - events , names , dates , time of day and make sure you keep the diary your secret .
and one more piece of advice , if you do contemplate changing jobs as a result of the mind games do n't let anyone in your present place of employment know as that would frequently be seen by management as reason for helping you out the door .
what ? "
sex has not been a difficult issue for the church ... or for people "    ? ?
what planet are you on ?
temptation is more than " somewhat challenging . "
in the early days of the church , so many men were castrating themselves ( to be holy " eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven " that   emperor hadrian instituted the death penalty for anyone who castrated without official permission , as well as for any doctor who performed the deed .
in islam , sex was such a strong temptation that men forced its women to wear burkas .
even today mike   pence wo n't allow himself to have dinner with any women other than his wife .
lol !
seems to me this has always been a big issue .
whoever hit my fucking car , i will fucking find you .
i have so much planned for this summer : ginnie springs , hangout , skydiving , etc . & #
129304;&#127996;&#128540;&#127774;&#128758;&#127965;&#127957 ; so pumped ! ! !
i am very happy that wtp have a voice in the wh now muslim refugees w no skills will be welfare babies forever and a day we are < number > trillion in debt by the gop bush family and another < number > trillion by the dem obama family < number > the other
i am sure it was probably a niglet
you ca nt say black but you can say white , double standards .
[ message to all the normies and roasties ] stop downvoting our threads , it is useless , we do not care and you can not stop the black pills
glotze für den hund angelassen aus versehen auch noch den propaganda sender zdf jetzt bin ich aber froh das mein hund nicht mit einem refugees welcome schild rum läuft
did you just say the fuck word ? ? ! ! !
i will beat my tiny dick to your ass getting gangbanged the shit out of if you don't stop fucking swearing you cunt .
oh i do n't know except that a man mutilated and nearly bled someone to death .
it is not my business but neither are most hit and run accidents .
the reason i care so very much is because castration should be left to the experts .
what was the mental condition of the " patient " ?
did jack - the - knife give him the pre - op counseling he required ?
a vet or cattle rancher would have been a better choice for a surgeon .
have you thought about why you are for back - alley castrations ?
< user > < user > < user > ahh racist white people quoting mlk when it clear they have not read anything more of his writings than i have a dream is my least favorite racist white person trope to be clear you are not interested in listening to the bishop or other people of color either
speaking of does anyone know which goy group the jews intermarry with in the greatest numbers i was under the impression it was either asians or catholics
" @xd3vx devin the truth is .... he realized when he said " " your sister is one " " he said to himself , why am i talking about mine ? "
nowonair reachrequestshow rrs with < user > tunein np ghetto love < user > imo owerri music newmusic
the grey jay is found in every province and territory , unlike the red maple .
yes , i live in downtown vancouver and i have n't seen one out my window either .
in fact i can only see starlings , which are likely everywhere in canada , but as an introduced species they likely are suitable candidates .
shut it down failed redpilled normies are attacking us 
 shut it the fuck down   u / azavii
uhhh no .
you clearly do nt understand the issue
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
disgusting sick mentally ill tranny 🤮 🤮 🤮
women are not better manipulators , most men are just idiots who will do anything for pussy .
female manipulation mainly consists of whining .
plants kill each other by blocking light ( starving ) 1 another , the silence is not without violence and if they could they 'd all be screaming
how do you circumcise a redneck ?
kick his sister in the jaw
men are so ugly and gross i wish u would all drop dead
i would lap up all that cum and suck you dry !
klastri if you are an attorney as you claim , why do n't you take a knee in court and see what happens .
@hotarumiyasaki about rennora , it 's really obvious for me that nora is head over heel for ren since they first appear , lol .
i also think that it 's quite heteronormativity .
everyone just automatically assume that two male and female character will romantic relationship if they appear together
i use scare quotes or " resident " or prefix it with illegitimate .
no way is this guy a real president .
he 's a complete clown and an embarrassment .
only at this point do i now " miss " dumbya .
but the truth is that i miss obama far more , since he is easily 10x the man that this dumpster fire is .
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
so basically there is increased risk of dishes coming out a little slower at the glacier brewhouse .
i seriously ca n't find me a faithful guy from my town , they a bunch of hoes and annoying mfs
the visceral hate that men have 4 women is why male feminists / allies need 2 tread carefully .
we put ourselves in physical danger doing this .
tom brady seriously is a homo
what did peter pan say to tinker bell ? “
that ’s too small .
it ’ll neverland on me ! ”
( 1 ) the medically marijuana tax is unfair .
other drugs are not taxed .
this tax is proposed by people that do n't believe in the benefits of medical marijuana or are just anti - marijuana from the days of " reefer madness " , which they accept as gospel .
and the statement that medical marijuana   " is not , strictly speaking , prescribed by a doctor " is simply a statement that everybody is afraid of the archaic federal laws falsely classifying marijuana as schedule i. ( 2 ) the carbon tax will be no more than another excise tax .
why not just take everybody 's money and not give them anything in return other than more wasteful state and county spending ?
putting aside the fact that she 's a kelantanese , i think there 's a more acceptable way for you to vent out your anger .
beating up a person while recording it and posting it on social media just to humiliate the man is so uncivilised .
song suggestions for incels 
 i am tired of listening songs about love or those rap songs about fucking multiple woman like i do n't relate to it nor do i like them .
can i get suggestions for some nice songs that are nice and not so annoying a good example would be fade - alan walker or petit biscuit - sunset lover and so on .
< user > it ’ not even very clever and seems retarded but it provides < number > lulz
racist is not a guy who screams paki at me he ignorant real racist asks smilingly where r u fm originally then makes policy 2 stop u
you 're a guy , should n't you be able to change your own oil ?
shut up bitch cuck penis vagina nigger cracker butt anus liwuid !
at least rep eastman has inspired new advertising slogans such as ' visit anchorage- a city worth f'ing for ' .
< user > you don ’ t see whoever that is commenting on my shit 😭 😭 i can ’ t even see the retweet or responses tho
while at the gentlemen club many complain about censorship at big media we got shocked at seeing the person who more ruthlessly rebelled against it was a vegan liberal muslim woman who should have enough positive labels and so banal opinions she should not have ever been censored
is this guy for real ?
.
all was ' peaches and cream ' in the muslim world before the europeans did .. what exactly - invented ' racism ' ?
and ' muslim identity ' ?
.
does he know how non - black muslims refer to black muslims ? '
abd ' , abeed - is n't that ' slave(s ) ' in arabic !
.
or , why is there a special ' treatment ' for kafirs ?
why were non - muslim taxed exorbitant amounts ?
why is / was non - muslim human deemed dispensable in the muslim culture ?
.
and so on .
law of computability applied to social sciences : if at first you do n't succeed , transform your data set .
it 's not racist if it 's important to film .
truth sister truth we can only hope he gets bitch slap come election time
if the guy said she was a faggot or a retard then i would kind of understand but he said it was kind of wack then she proceeds to make him seem worse even though she was the one who escalated it to such a ridiculous degree
actually kenneys back room boys and funds are from downtown calgary interests the same gang that put frontman ralph into power and who jean pointed out in his comment ..... “our party must never be a home for cronies who want to use government and politics for their own personal gain , ” he said . “
in the last election , albertans soundly rejected those who put personal ambition ahead of principles . ”
+ devo lution you can be a womens of you believe hard enough .
muslim criminals invading and taking over canada
finger it out and feed it to your pathetic , black cock worshipping cuck of a husband url
i did not see any reliable sources , that connect leon trotski and lenin to the freemasons .
i have so much planned for this summer : ginnie springs , hangout , skydiving , etc . & #
129304;&#127996;&#128540;&#127774;&#128758;&#127965;&#127957 ; so pumped ! ! !
as a general rule right wing men and women are more sexually dimorphic than left wing men and women you often can not tell the difference between them hairy purple haired dykes and limp wristed bugmen are disgusting on a very deep level
pussy boi behind a screen imma bite yo dick off
stop that , reddit loves to be edgy and hate religion
yeah , this article was so off the mark pertaining to metro vancouver , it was glaringly obvious he knows little about the housing market here .
i 'm so jealous of american incels 
 you can go to the wallmart and buy a pump shotgun for 300 bucks so u can ki - ll your - self in 1 second
okay gabfam we did not get what we wanted let burn this bitch down oh wait that what the other side does
yes the moronic argument that never seems to grow old .
do n't vote for trump because of his treatment of women but instead vote for hillary , because   her treatment of the women her husband has been accused of raping not just groping , is a far superior choice .
what ? ? ? ! ! !
how on earth does that make since to anyone ? ? (
well to a liberal of course ) 

 either vote put a misogynistic man in the whitehouse .
one puts a misogynistic man and his coconspirator .
ralph goodale is a good example of that but i do n't see scheer as being a shining light .
rt @steveyurko : whoever made the decision to book this match as an elimination match deserves a fucking raise .
the soul of our nation is fractured and has been fractured for a long time .
can we put aside race , sex , religion or wealth ?
can we please realize that we are all living human beings that deserve each other 's respect .
we do n't have to unconditionally love one another
it would deal with islam muhumped lgbt drag queens trannys and all the things the left is infatuated with sadly i do not have time for that yet
yes and no .
some likely will anyway , but it does n't have to be in that area .
and that 's the areas that residents in that jurisdiction have some say over .
and no , it does n't mean as much development will automatically be built .
turning down some projects can actually mean less projects being built in total in that broader area .
there 's no fixed number of people that will move into the front range no matter what .
there is some cause and effect at play .
great piece !
very insightful .
thank you for the counter - view of today 's over the top focus on gender equality .
kill yourself tranny lol
the super - rich elite like morneau and trudeau want to kill off all potential competition from small businesses .
this is nothing but an attempt to create a modern version of the old family compact / chateau clique that essentially ruled colonial canada for decades prior to confederation .
a select few have a stranglehold over the economy while the rest of the country earns a " middle class wage " working for them for $ 45k / year ...
have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
this teacher is quite simply a racist , as are the union officials who support her acts .
a student has no right to express an opinion on the matter because he 's male and white ?
that tells us all we need to know about this teacher .
defending muslims being in europe saying that islam is nt the greatest threat to the white race pick one kys for having the reading comprehension of a goat
even if science could not explain this bizarre notion of " packaging " ( ? ? ? ? ! ! )
that would still not prove one iota of the god of abraham 's existence .
classic argument from ignorance fallacy .
not understanding basic logic does n't even rise to the level of mediocrity , especially when it is gift wrapped in the histrionics of blind faith .
it is a shame when people give up on the hard work of critical thinking and fall for the intellectual laziness offered up by charlatans and their oft revised texts .
i suppose it is easier though than dealing with the rigors of science .
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
< user > < user > < user > where your source i still have not seen any proof of the high levels of trans women who get raped in male prisons
big gift for this # maheshbabufansday from # mb23 team spyder title registered officially for # mb23 spyder fix ayindi pilla fans now & # 127939;&#127939;&#127939 ;
" rt @busybeingpetty : there 's always fucking " " train traffic " " ahead of us .
there 's always somebody feeling suicidal and wanna jump on the damn … "
what does a bisexual and jew have in common ?
they 'll do anything for money
> but thick is the buzz word for obese women who want to fit in to some extent .. while i agree with this , the amount of white dudes who use it as a buzzword for any women larger than a toothpick is just as much of a plague , especially on this site .
< user > < user > < user > bring your canoe
tell him the truth .
only black gangs have gays and punks .
only .
& # 128514;&#128514 ; that 's some real hood shit , i 'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & amp ; realizing that someone stole his gas cap
@payal_rohatgi @netflixindia @netflix @pmoindia @hmoindia @narendramodi a muslim woman playing a role of a fake hindu fiydaheen # humaqureshi & a muslim man playing the role of a fake hindu jihadi cleric .
bollywood hates hindu .
anyone to make real film on srilanka killings ?
morons
@darlingvhenan @goatpups the worst part is that most of these people claim to be victims themselves too , which makes their behaviour that much more disgusting .
the complete lack of regard for anyone other than themselves that they have when spreading their hate is pathetic :/
apparently , not completely in the usa or among the cpc leadership contenders .
wow , you make it sound as if william fleenor were found guilty of breaking the law !
he was found innocent !
why is there no mention of that ?
you , christian wihtol , should clearly apologize to mr. fleenor and set the record straight .
unbelievable !
oh and sorry for your loss .
sincerely , tina
muslims are pedophiles , communism will never work , trannies are sick in the head , democrats are the true racists , there is no such thing as rape culture in the western civilisation , feminists are women sexually frustrated .
black .
op asks men why they 're single , unsolicited advice floods the thread .
we have spent months trying to gain favour with the trump administration in the hopes that they will go easy on us when the talks on nafta begin .
now the liberals effectively thumb their nose at the states and enter into a disastrous deal with the chinese , that will cost us far more then we will ever gain .
this government deserves everything that happens to it , unfortunately we all get to pay for the liberal mistakes .
just as soon as you take a knife and cut that micro penis off ( did nt i see your wife on another thread talking about you ) ?
ca nt have a moron like you having any stupid kids .
i lied about the joke .
i lied about lying about the joke .
fuck 13 dumbass bitch
both of these organizations have been created to address different aspects of very real problems that affect all of us .
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
whatever , faggot
that fuckin beaner guard is an illegal and they was gon na have him kill paddock before and prevent the massacre then praise illegals in the news as heros but he brown so he fucked it up i m calling it
if you go to an island .. you do n't just go to the beach .
that 's fine too , but what 's important is seeing the people , the culture & amp ; lifestyle
# ilovekamala is trending because she has a strong grassroots movement .
i 'm sorry that some of y' all ca n't handle the thought of a black woman running the country .
do women like it though when their men show off that u r theirs ?
e.g. him smacking or grabbing your pretty bottom ?
my gf 's parents called me a pedophile because i ' m < number > and she 's < number > it ruined our < number > h anniversary .
< repeat >
the dims do have a message : 
 free stuff .
power at any cost .
whites are bad .
men are bad .
war is good if it 's a democrat party war .
republicans put people in for drugs ( even though it was bill clinton who signed and started the sadistic " three strikes " bullshit ) .
the dims are every bit as bad as the rethugs .
real conservatives vote libertarian .
real " progressives " vote green .
if we are passionate with what we do , then it is very easy to commit expansion and improvement . #
wisdom
there 's enough oil for a few hundred more years actually .
< money > says the kid was a beaner and another < money > says the driver was a beaner too
damn these facebook people are so fucking predictable they are blaming gun violence on men time to dig up some skeletons
" no science " ... come on man , open your eyes , read the literature , look out of the window .
public transportation only works in all white countries otherwise it becomes ghetto transportation
this is a new version that has not been available before now .
" vacation , travel $ 1,000 ; dining , drinks , entertainment $ 1,000 " 

 i vote they chop those expenses in half , invest the extra $ 12,000 per year and retire even earlier .
rt @courtneyouregay : a fucking cast https://t.co/kd4ev6idlv
burgemeester aboutaleb neemt geen afstand van uitspraken ik ben een beetje salafist en elke moslim is een beetje salafist so < number > of our mayors says he is a little bit salafist every moslim is a little when will the netherlands wake up
please , please read the whole article before making comments attacking people .
@rhodadavids fuck education they need castration
rt @teamboosieboo : no officer i was n't drunk driving , i was swerving on them hoes .
the socialists are uncertain , rugged individualists are not !
i know we are going to have a wonderful time ! :)
" the campaign is encouraging legislators not just to amply fund education but to make changes that address inequities among poor- and well - funded districts , close achievement gaps among and within schools and improve transparency and accountability . "
“ how we spend that money is as important as the investments we make , ” said chris korsmo , with the league of education voters . "
free community and state colleges .
serious funding full day head start so anyone who wants their kids to go to head start , will attend head start guaranteed .
massive spending on infrastructure .
1990 's does not work in 2017 and beyond .
real technology investments .
really stem laboratories etc .
mine is " spread our religion by killing all the men and raping their widows . "
control yo hoes ..
it is duty of every pakistani to defend motherland against malicious propaganda by foreign agents / evil forces and raise genuine issues of common people # teampakistanzindabad url
business seven beyond borders working to end child slavery prevent violence against women girls in haiti founded by clinton global initiatives in the business of defending girls yet surrounded by businesses with the pedophile symbol pizzagate twittergate draintheswamp
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
wow .
how is this any different from he program launched by harper ?
it 's funny the columnist quotes the " political climate " in the us .
how long before canadians object to flooding the labour market with skilled labour that canadian students have struggled hard to achieve ?
the political climate can change here quickly too , if trudeau spends too much time with billionaires in secretive fund raisers and does their bidding .
and this is n't an anti - immigrant rant .
the fact is the government is targeting a specific sector for the sake of driving down wages .
there surely is n't any lack of graduates from comp .
sci .
programs in the country , yet this is one sector being targeted by our government .
clearly , corporate interests trump any concern for canadians students making it in our economy .
ho hum , another biased hit piece on trump .
not like i have n't seen 5 of these histrionic media temper tantrums today .
i got to admire the guy , because he has seemed to piss the right people off and gotten their attention .
trump 's biography will be called :   the man who kicked the hornet 's nest .
nasty nasty people these faux - conservatives at national review .
sad .
good girl my submissive little slut .
your sucked my cock like a whore , while the neighbors watched .
then you mounted my cock , and fucked yourself .
i fingered your ass hole , and crushed your tits , until i filled your pussy with cum .
now my warm cum is draining from your fuck hole !
url
about this stupid oprah shit it is obvious that the democrats really really want their own celebrity president i doubt the bitch will run though
have you ever played chess ?
this may not make much sense but stick with me a bit .
you know how sometimes it can feel pretty bad when you lose your queen ?
it does n't help when your opponent lords it over you or any spectator makes comments about it .
chess is like politics in some ways .
it 's about the long game .
if you focus on protecting your queen instead of how best to use or lose it your attention is divided and you set yourself up for a loss .
this eo from trump is just like that .
his administration was so focused on not feeling bad it lost all sight of the long game .
trump is the only one at the table who has control over the us 's pieces of international " chess . "
his conduct demonstrates he is only looking a move or two ahead .
i just hope he learns from this mistake .
but given his attitude towards the press , his disregard for disagreement even from his own appointees and his blind adulating supporters who can see no wrong i expect that hope is in vain .
you are an idiot slavery is not a big deal it was common for most of human history get over it lying about it in some retarded attempt to blame the jews is just stupid
ah yes , that 's it .
the gays are just so violent .
before anyone passes judgement i wanna let it be known that i m < percent > trailer trash
you know what to do faggots
there fluoride in the water so i am not stupid because i am a lazy faggot i am stupid because jews made me this way and i can not fix it
if i hear one more straight white boy say faggot or the n word
# marchgenocide99 # yapnasimi # 31marchthebloodiestpageofourhistory # gtmecy terror does not have a nation , language , race , color or age .
do n't roll over for trump he is a bully and a boob , just one small blip on the big clock of time .
we will all back your play justin so man up .
canada first , you are the man .
flagged .
rate me from < number > to < number > and rt for a small gift in dm 🧐 🙋 宇佐木あいか سحاق asianslut vcs محارم vcs loli bigboobs
because you accused her of avoiding a public school by attending a school for kids with disabilities .
" flanked by school officials at a private autism center in denver .... devos spoke wednesday after touring the firefly autism center ... the denver - based autism center was chosen because of its role in the landmark supreme court case that involved a south suburban denver family , " states the story .
so autism is not a special - needs category ?
maybe we should start this exchange of information and opinion over .
he was a serial spanker .
would walk up to senior citizens and furiously spank their bottoms while screaming the power of christ compels thee .
i ate my wife alive !
she liked it and we 're both doing well , what did you expect , you pervert ?
i hope i made someone laugh that was having a bad day and for one second they had some joy .
dirty slut .
daddy knows a filthy cunt when he see 's one .
only a whore bitch would get excited at having her ass beaten .
beat yourself again .
film it , i want to hear you whimper .
i want to see your arse redden and you fuck hole drip with anticipation .
imagine if i held you down and fucked your ass raw , because a cunt like you a. deserves it and b. fucking craves it .
am i right ?
@zugislander @chapotraphouse this is why women wo n't have srx with you .
because you 're disgusting pigs who ca n't contain your contempt for women .
fuck all of you incel motherfuckers .
the oil and gas agencies are too harsh and complexed fix this and tax credits would not be needed and alaska would double it 's oil production fast and oil wealth will pour in to every alaskans household !
oil hater and monopoly lovers are working and controlling state government and running alaska 's oil prodcution and profits in the ground , fix this and prosper !
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
10/10 would totally work on me .
though i did end up hooking up with a couple straight friends who knew me before transitioning sooooo :d
go fuck yourself faggot
the left does n't want to punish people based on religion or color .
that 's why they are willing to allow refugees that are muslim into this country .
the " conservatives hate muslims " agenda has some credibility to it .
remember the muslim refugee ban ?
congratulations to a deserving athlete and a fine person !
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
@rileywrittens lol my niggas
having a beard defends him from telling a bare faced lie ... almost .
breaking news !
they have also been corrupted .
i guess i 've been doing a good enough job that a pua / mra site decided i was public enemy # 1 .
something to write home about ?
" " " boys convince themselves they are a man by drinking lots of beer and having a vagina nearby to stick themselves into . " "
fucking nailed it "
how are your friends paying you back for the trip ?
are they paying you back with their financial aid money ?
that 's just tax money going back to us !
you need to be a male model to even have the privilege of buying a woman dinner
i think the worst of my allergies is over .
today has n't been too bad .
fuck yeah .
sadly it may be true i am just not around them to notice normal women are the one i know i am grateful
agreed .
relationships would be much better without any men .
@msaleh14 listen i 'm not sexist but no girl should be the man in a relationship
[ walter ] : ya see ?
nothing ’s fucked here , dude .
nothing is fucked .
they ’re a bunch of fucking amateurs ...
hanleys walk up song is kodak .... what a fucking legend
hahahaha @mr9iceguy : a woman should not be proposing to a man under no circumstances b .. u ca nt tell me nothing .
call me sexist idccccc
what utter nonsense .
men and women of all races and ethnic backgrounds are patriotic americans , most from habit of birth , but many who come here from places from around the globe , and there are a lot of folks in latter group right here in kent .
and all of those people 's opinion are every bit as valid as yours , and in many cases much , much better informed .
rational people recognize that the history of a country that fought a bloody war to end race - based slavery , that has outlawed race based discrimination , and   elected and re - elected a black man as president , is obviously not about " white supremacy " .
the only thing i can agree with you on is that you are not a respectful person .
< user > all blacks start using creative white defense excuses
part of the effect that came with promoting integration in the < number > and < number > was the fact that blacks have a pitiful kind of bearing and whites an imperial one the poor whittle face of the negro race compared to his strong counterpart won him many sympathy pity points
she did n't find you attractive .
probably because she has poor tastes in men . [ ... ]
women are not bad for " friendzoning " you , you are pathetic for being attracted to manipulative women with poor taste in men .
like actually wth is even wrong with these people
how free speech not a thing anymore just because it online i can not say cunt your a cunt twitter
good .
when one has sneaked into my country illegally , i want them to have all of the above unpleasant symptoms .
their body is telling them , " you 're not supposed to be here .
we 'd better go home ! "
@scsazak the only people who might be tormented right now are people of color who fear for their lives
did anyone here of the co up irish lets say like the ab have got the irish mob to be brothers to keep out the foreign crowd ?
i got it from the star newspaper a few weeks back could be a load of made up * * * * . ?
" property taxes have never been higher and the city continues to be rewarded through increased property values every year since mayor kirk caldwell was first elected . "
you 're not supposed to think about that .
you 're not playing along properly . ;)
if i 'm thinking of the right culture , girls with lighter skin fetch a better match so time in the sun is a cultural no no .
i 'm na indian and i am happy they did it .
i know no one like this , but this , does put a smile on my face
four moslem mp have been sent suspicious packages their acting like its something to worry about they need to chill out its just parcel parcel of life in a multicultural shit hole i am sure mayor khan would agree inshallah
" without subsidies " ... but subsidies are provided ; they are an integral part of the aca .
liberals do n't mind sales taxes ;   well , this liberal , anyway .
everyone finds something to complain about in any tax .
pretty sad if you can only relate with people of the same gender and race as yourself
" she text me " " i hate you , i hate you , i hate you , i hate you " " but how the fuck can you hate me?&#129335;&#127995;‍ ♂ ️&#128524 ; "
considering many europeans have now been raped and killed horriby by islamic hoardes i wonder what the media reaction when the backlash comes it is bound to happen no doubt they will condemn it as a white nazi hate crime and come down hard on anyone critical of islam banislam
what i want to know is when these < number > idiot ghetto rats from chicago go to prison who gets their bus stops bathroom stalls stop signs they spray painted to claim ownership of the state a rival gang russia oprah
walker has been obsessed with the gas line for years .
the state ca n't afford to build it alone and good luck finding anyone else who 'd be foolish enough to partner with the state .
look how the state has treated oil companies in the past .
why on earth would they want to partner with alaska on this scale again ?
it 's an outrage walker is cutting everything else , yet treats the pipeline like a sacred cow .
paying someone 500 grand a year to come up with some slight of hand plan to sucker in partners is just plain wrong .
since the gas line has clouded walkers common sense , he needs to be recalled .
ovomit the gay muzzie did not want to defeat his cousins
initial point is completely valid , on topic , and non inflamatory .
i am interested in what benefits me .
i do n't see how mass immigration does that
genders are like the twin towers ... there used to be two of them , now it ’s a sensitive subject .
< user > < user > like nigga care
nah i 'm just glad i 'm not a sad racist fuck like you .
you probably got bullied in school
nah nigga raped a girl and he works at kith that bad work
< user > full blown jihadi like hussein obongo
@ashleyw838 @donna40517794 those muslims are ass freaks .
just ask all the young boys they rape .
just because your daddy likes to do you in the ass does n't make it right for you to do it to your family members .
sick puppies .
every last one .
@onision dare you to walk into a crowd of black people and say that .
i 'll bet anything they wo n't feel the same way you do .
she does n't deserve to have that baby .
she should have an abortion .
this is disgusting and justin wants this to live here .
where is all the money coming from to pay these women to make sexual harassment claims ?
.@samharrisorg is on & # 128293 ; !
they 're 1st place in the # webbys people ’s voice .
give ‘ em some ❤ ️ + vote : https://t.co/6nbnidui3z /
great job !
happy week to you from a heterosexual exmormon !
15 .
i love horror , thriller , crime movies .
my friend and i always watch horror together .
if cinema released we 'd go if our schedule match
as long as planned parenthood focuses its operations in the ghetto i have no problem with them i only oppose abortions for white babies
i really do n't wanna fuck bro
i would love to see such an endeavor work , but toronto does not have the vision to develop its waterfront potential .
the rochester ferry was allowed to die , and even the project for the don river has stalled and probably will not be fulfilled .
vancouver developed the now popular residential , tourist , commercial , industrial and   boater   friendly aquatic park of false creek , a former waste backwater of collapsing industries , now a major vibrant part of the city life .
would that toronto have fortitude to undertake such a development .
never heard of them , but give me a few of their song titles so i can download and have a listen .
it 's just a whatever , the super delegates were locked up by the clintons a long time ago , like before the election even started .
that 's why hill and bill could careless about what happens with their e - mail and clinton foundation problems or the likes of bernie sanders .
lol super sensitive talks all kinds of shit on youtube and when you track the location they go quiet suck that dick faget suck it real good like the proud homosexual you are you sperm dumpster baby raping child molester
niggas tell me come down and this shit get shut down 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
guys listen up the toenail moon has made an appearance tonight make sure you cut ur toenails so u do n't have 300 years of bad luck god bless
please people please stop posting photos of that ulgy bitch that lost the election and of that moslem faggot that never was president please i m sick of their faces
hey- we took a play out the dnc book- " tricks of trust " .
we have sat back and watched the progressives ruin our country .
nobody from the right cares what president elect trump will do or wo nt do .
but here is what your definitely gon na get : a right leaning supreme court , a border that is protected from illegal emigrants entering the usa and a purge of every foreign illegal that is , has been and does break the law .
violent gang members , drug dealers , rapists and murderers being the priority .
anything above that is gravy .
its a laugh having you lefty 's taking everything our new president has said as gospel .
the man is sarcastic , funny and a genius having sucked the left into helping him along the way . "
any press is good press " applies- get it !
regroup and give it try in 8 years .
you may want to pick a candidate that has a chance of placing .
until then your wasting your venomous words on laughing ears .
and guess what , we do n't give a crap who pays for the wall- you guys are suckers .
reminder : there 's no such thing as chicks with dicks 

 only dudes with tits
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
fight against an insane president ?
bishops ?
you have to be kidding .
i watched ewtn during the election and there was priest after priest and several bishops spewing their invective about hilary .
they did n't name her but they named everything she stood for and they all but named her by starting out one should n't vote for anyone who supported birth control or had been linked to a land deal so could n't be trusted .
this went on and on for the whole election period .
they never mentioned that the supposed land deal turned out to be judged as legal or that their own stats proved the vast majority of catholic women use birth control .
wonder how much that cost them .
better to have an insane sexist , pervert and pathological liar   than a woman who had given most of her adult life serving her country .
after all he was a man !
let me ask you this mr fish - if a group of muslim men in our community pulled out knives and started screaming " allahu akbar " , what would your reaction be ?
the pair allegedly started their relationship when the boy was a student at harwood junior high school between < number > and < number > when he was < number > and in the 9 th grade < number > and in 9 th grade nigger or some sort of creatura
look all american good solid nw european descended white men women but have balls by your behavior fight club theme i think this is more important than which flag they will twist their photos but see the tiki closeups they still looked solid plausible
admins demonstrate ability to stealth edit posts on unpopular subreddits !
coke white bitches
i hate suit pants on a women makes them look like some kind of meryl streep dyke
thank you for the articles i know about what going on in sweden too do not get me started on these pseudo feminist idiot hypocrite women and their feminized castrated men my blood boils
each of these jets would produce tens of millions of tons of co2 over its lifetime , tens of billions of kilograms .
pound for pound , these are the worst polluters in the world .
it 's strange that as soon as it 's bombardier , that does n't matter anymore for trudeau . "
but people will fly anyway ... " wait , why was it that the oil sands oil had to stay in the ground again ?
and look at the bombardier board : all white , 80 % men .
how can trudeau support a company that is misogynist and apparently racist ?
is there really no minority person in canada that is fit to sit on that board ?
white male pms give billions in taxpayer dollars ( in " loans " ) to white male owned and white male directed corporation .
shame on trudeau .
" bullying " i hope a large ukranian gentleman strikes you in the head with a sledgehammer , you pussy .
white dude here .
feel the same way .
the dream is alive .
just got ta fight sometimes .
for once , i wish , shariah punishment of public stoning to death be given as per the faith of the criminals .
@myogiadityanath let us set an example .
a yogi should fight for the one for whom no one will fight . #
aligarh url
fire this man !
well done .
the only surprise in this story is that the aircraft was not an f-35 .
she will actually get the whole house , or the house will be sold and she 'll get half .
either way , the guy lost his house .
a vasectomy is great to prevent child support , but wo n't save you from divorce rape .
you have to be smart and not get married .
for the love of god , never ever ever do it for any reason .
also , welcome to mgtow , brother !
i hear a lot of stories like yours where guys get red pilled by society .
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
amen its not a lack of whiteness that the problem it anti whiteness that is the real issue i have plenty of non white allies and plenty of white enemies
watching queer as folk in my late teens and early 2 0 i wanna move to toronto and party all the damn time rewatching queer as folk in my late 2 0 and early 3 0 i want to settle the fuck down and live a blissful domestic life jfc
there are no nazi patriots faggot
there are 11 candidates !
< user > the lions share of african caribbean immigrants in the us have the same racist mentality as racist white americans and white europeans as a result such persons should never be allowed to portray themselves as native born black americans profiting off black american cultural
i guess i 'm talking about a different speech .
but , just to keep things clear , let me define what a swamp critter is .
professional politician .
trump could n't be further from that truth .
remember he came up with the term to label hard core opposition fighting for their own selves , not us .
as a disabled vn era veteran i respect the hell out of john mccain the serviceman , not so much with the recent debacle as republican blocker .
had one when i was a kid , worst pain in my life , felt like i was being stabbed .
catholics and prodistants they just think they are different its the same religion .
dumbest cartoon propogated by the dumbest people get that shit outta here faggot
pakistan : offended muslims riot after trump cut the $ 200 million aid - now they hate america for free url
credits to andrew rose kcon rookies la clip and vantablack < number > < number > < number > and < number > fancams on youtube
and this is how the majority democrats deal with the red ink and the $ 4 billion deficit !
by passing a budget larger than requested .
gee , they do n't seem any different than those evil republicans do they ?
they are all politicians and not economists .
they live for their status and all love the ego trip which comes with being reelected .
none of them will ever balance a budget , they will just spend the state rich !
we have a little piece of legislation called the prohibition of foreign military assistance act this prohibits mercs from operating in south africa .
on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
new slutty # cumdump in the dc metro area .
follow me to see me my young bubble butt get fucked and bred by hung tops 🍑 💦 @dccumdump # bbbh # gaysex # bottom # cumslut # gayslut # dmvfreaks # dccumcump # gay # gayporn # porn # bottomslut url
< user > < user > < user > < user > every month is white history month white people have not historically been discriminated against murdered raped enslaved or generally been treated as second class citizens just because they are white black history month does not take anything away from white people
if my kid is trans , it can use whatever bathroom it wants at the adoption center .
your mother is a bad person , and barely able to keep you alive .
also never buy a french car .
the last financial crisis did not happen goyim that s a retarded conspiracy theory that only nazis engage with the left i e the people who used to hold power to account are now shilling for the banks and pretending the financial crash of < number > is actually a right wing conspiritard theory
< user > < user > left pseudo seculars indirectly and the madarsa jihadis they are everywhere watch for them
< user > being gay is apassive aggressive form of hetrophobia
why change the context of the trial and pretend you 're presenting a similar case ?
if a male much larger than you held you down and tried to force his penis into your anus - would it be improper for the judge to ask why you just could n't keep your buttocks together ?
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 i posted that comment previously and , not surprisingly , it was rapidly deleted for " incivility " : 

 some might want to consider why it is " civil " to discuss this case in great detail when it is vaginal rape , but suddenly " incivil " when the actually ( not spuriously ) analogous scenario is presented .
i am not homophobic faggot
if you see your " homeboys " doing this then you 're part of the problem url
why is your white ass in my black business you re white
my girlfriend keeps ranting about me spending too much time on arthropods .. she does n't know that she is the last one in the centipede .
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
hey , true conservative , what 's your take on this ?
this is okay with you , right ?
all these commenters are hung up on ideology .
the independence that this candidate is talking about in independence from pure party politics in its ugliest form .
yes .
mr. van de wege has a track record .
the track record of democrat party whip , an apparatchik , a little man in a big party machine how drives all the other little men to try to be something great by acting like a loosely organized mob rather than a collection of deliberative lawmakers voting their own constituents .
the people are sick and tired of the games , the slogans , the platitudes , many of which are repeated within these comments .
most of all they are sick and tired of power politics played by little men like mr. van de wege .
republican leadership welcomes independently thinking candidates with minds of their own because the republican party is the party of the grass roots .
its candidates had better look to their roots or be cut adrift .
just look at the presidential nominating process of both parties .
i have no sympathy for bigots who say a loving human - dolphin couple ca n't marry . #
tweet4taiji # shuttaijidown # tweet4dolphins # opkillingbay
" a good day " is a short phase of complete mental imbalance 
 objective perception of reality = depression and anxiety
that 's cute .
i use cunt as a gender neutral insult .
you can be a man or a woman or whatever , i do nt give a fuck , but i will call you a cunt , just like i will call you a dick , it makes no fucking difference
so we are n't going to send all the students , only those that can attend full time ( not people that are working their way through school ) ?
that is fine , i guess .
really , if you are willing to limit the number of students ak sends out of state then it is definitely a viable way to reduce the budget .
i am not an economist , so i wo n't comment on the multiplicative effect , but what you are proposing would send the money directly out of the state without even one trip around the local merry - go - round .
i am guessing that you do not consider the value that the university brings to the state in terms of research and innovation , so i will skip that .
given what you said , sounds like you will personally make out quite well on this plan .
now to the lightening round ... ua 's grad and dropout rates are in line with other open - access ( everyone gets in ) institutions ; 75 % alaskan resident grads ; 86 % stay in state ; no data on how long , but ak kids love it here and most will stay if possible .
fuck da police .
trigger happy morons .
i 'm so blessed to be at # ywls2019 this weekend with so many empowering , conservative women this weekend !
so far , we have heard many amazing messages just like this one from @realcandaceo !
url
these mexicans have more american spirit of working hard and caring for family than " our " lazy , fat white man - boys found in their momma 's basements across this make - it - great - again country !
hire a mexican and welcome home a new american !
sf ( aka sa ) .
do n't forget to include that debt soars under democratic leadership .
< user > < user > < user > < user > not aware of any religion that says your not allowed to exist not aware of any religion that says you can think you are a girl nor is their any religion except islam that forbids homosexuality
what 's the difference between a trap and a feminist ?
a trap does something when triggered .
absolute power does what ?
refresher : corrupts , absolutely .
piercy and co. may not truly be corrupt , but that means their incompetence , lack of reasoning , and gullibility are truly gargantuan .
what 's amazing is the hubris of the council .
zelenka , a perfect example : he keeps hammering for his ridiculous green build even though years and years of data show the savings are dependent on energy costs frozen in the studies and that the projected fiscal savings may never arrive because of the cost difference between restoration and new - build .
what 's truly astounding , though , is a supposedly green " authority " pitching a building that appears largely to be walls of glass .
this is like the retired guy building a 5,000 sq ft home for him and his wife , alone , but it is leed !
another great one is the 99 - lb .
woman driving a 5000 pound hybrid pickup truck ; grocery store , bridge games , golf club--- yup , she needs all that weight and size !
why do immigrants like ilhan omar and ted lieu come to america and try to change it to be more like the countries they fled
the crew gon na pull up in all white foreigns next year 💰
trump will collapse the economy < number > added to wall street in one year racist lowest up for blacks in history unfit mentally smoked the exam xenophobe married < number > immigrants i clearly see why liberals are pissed
@yourdudeferg gay fags
put the thesaurus down incel
how about communist front group antifa it very easy to demonstrate to even the most historically retarded individual that communists have always battled fascists for control tying the two names together also allow you to lay the burden of < number > million deaths at their feet
control yo hoes ..
i 'm convinced y' all fuck wit most of dese muhfuckas cause their dicks r big ...   ... cause these muhfuckas faces be hit wit bricks 🤯 🥴 🤢
freddy insults everyone .
he needs it to make himself feel important ( notice how that spelling is very similar to impotent ? ) .
he 's a sad little man .
he 's an aging one - trick pony .
i feel sorry for him .
if they blow enough bubbles , something might happen .
@donaldjtrumpjr unless , of course , they 're female , gay , trans , muslim , not white , poor , believe in science , and do n't like raping kids or sticking them in cages .
i hope i made someone laugh that was having a bad day and for one second they had some joy .
it 's such a shame that you 're gon na probably marry a uglier nice guy , and turn his life into a dysfunctional hell - hole .
" rt @liberienne : " " your girl posts thirst traps ?
that 's our girl bro . ""-
a fucking clown "
there are many of good faith and intent who have no question , no reservation about the " inadmissability " of full sacramental inclusion to women .
it simply is .
it is god 's will , affirmed " theologically " , by timeless"tradition " , infallible declaration by pope(s ) .
to question for them is " hatred " , heresy , anathema .
many more capable would , i hope expound better and more convincingly , especially as fr .
orabator does here .
i used to think , that there was a " secret dossier " that made sense but could not be revealed .
no more .
regardless of how old the tradition may be , no matter how widespread it might be , the roots of roman catholic exclusion , so calmly , pastorally , authoritatively stated is , at its fundamental base , ( as joseph card .
ratzinger affirmed ) that god created woman - all women , whenever , wherever , to willingly serve man .
how women are treated , involved or not may vary but it is the prerogative of men to decide .
and .... this is before " the first sin " .
and , it gets worse " muchly " .
i take it that the stasi over at wiltshire police in the uk who spend all day looking for people saying negative things about immigrants or islam are at the same time seeing crime going up and convictions going down priorities are important < user > postal
maybe now because miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
i 'm a thumbs up , pissed off when you ( of all over my time where rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
man oh man , , , kennedy killed a lady , bill raped a lady , and donald said somethings , show me a person who has never said something about another person and i 'll show you a liar , , , we 've all done it and i 'm glad the lord sent his son down , now i 've said my prayers and can go to sleep , , ,
hey guys i just saw the greates name for don lemon ahem nigger cunt
in the past 30 minutes , i have seen the grand total of three cars .
this female does n't and never will vote liberal ..... i have a brain .
if your living off a female kill yourself
@realestate4somd @karenbice @franklin_graham @dsochoa @potus @realdonaldtrump you ca nt be christian and support trump and also be christian .
mutual exclusivity .
you evangelicals , you people who supposedly put god first , lock up children at our border and worship of a misogynist classist racist as your golden calf .
you would have jesus locked up , fascists .
only thing i want to hear accept cut refugees to zero
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
" @valentineshow word of the day : squirly . " "
there are a couple that are squirly . " " " "
he 's like a squirrel in search of nuts " " "
ff is basically about 1st world problems , and in addition problems of the relatively affluent within the 1st world .
those deep in debt and living paycheque - to - paycheque either do n't write in or are told that these fas are not the right type of adviser for them .
america is a country full of degenerates .
" ( one other thing , at some point trudeau is going to have to stop dying his hair .
skin etc ages and he will start to look like a manikin -or mick jagger - 18 year old hair on a 70 year old face .
yeah , right ) " 

 yet another deep thought from the shadow .
new obama regulations will make it harder to hire and promote men
look at these poor people ( poor in life after ) meeting together .
these people divided us .
what a shame to saudi .
so you think there was n't a single rational justification for the age - old , virtually universal definition of marriage as one man , one woman ?
what hubris .
your citation of article 10 of the declaration of human rights does nothing to support you cause .
the right to marry is fundamental in the united states as well , and yet it woud have been though laughable , until recently , to say that this fundamental right to marry included the right to marry someone of the same sex .
why ?
because " marriage , " by definition , meant one man , one woman ( although in some instances , polygamy ) , but never man - man or woman - woman .
note , by the way , that the declaration , article 10 , says " without any limitation due to race , nationality or religion . "
it does not forbid a prohibition on grounds of sex , meaning man marrying man or woman marrying woman .
indeed , such a prohibition would have been though absurd when the declaration was passed in 1948 , because the very idea of such " marriage " was absurd .
mental midgets think that the chain saw is the only answer to forest health .
but forests were doing extremely well until white men and chain saws came along .
stephen j. remington
an if u ai nt a hoe get up out my trap hoooouusssee ! ! ! !
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
help me understand 
 my chick is " entitled " to make male friends and they take her out , but when a random woman wants to shoot me her number after i day i 'm involved and we still converse as friends it 's an issue .. tf
if it 's only 700 militants , why ca n't the afghan forces handle them alone ?
if they ca n't handle 700 opponents , how can they be expected to manage a country long - term ?
a friend of mine used to be a prison guard in joyceville .
he would overhear all sort of things from prisoners and their lawyers .
but confidentiality laws prevented him from saying anything .
there is no mystery as to why they are behind bars : they would talk about crimes worse than what they are in jail for .
some are wrongly imprisoned , usually falsely accused of rape .
< user > dick pics from the muslimes and sexual violence from sikhs and hindus
i love how men are like " oh periods haha looks like it 's blowjob week " bend over and shut up .
i 'm shocked this is the only thing he ever said that has any value 

 but he still wo n't succeed in doing a thing about it 

 now when you say that mosque who preached death to jews and trudeau has n't done a thing about it 
 he sure as hell has ! ,
he 's allowing more islamic 's to come to this country , saying one thing and doing another .
with jews we do n't have terrorists with muslim 's we have terrorists !
impeach the man , and their whole government as it is a fraud , 
 god is supposed to have put these men in government to achieve a specific agenda , well he s put him in there for the dumb people who do n't love the real god of love , that 's idiots who do n't believe in god .
it 's you dummies who would rather throw out the god of love and have the false god secretly know as the man of sin , as he walks around to day dressed in robs and and saying all kinds of blasphemous things against god .
you will pay for what you are doing and only concerned about your little paradise . .
aw , the little fellers are worried that twitter inferno is beating himself up with his middle of the night tweets .
ca n't stop that middle finger from pecking at the keyboard .
fuck the leftists cucks even the rogan fan boys
i show boobs @scooby1sam @ryansykes4 @fifthredbull @pankajtwite @keithols3003 @palmer00daniel @andrejkatic01
best comment of the day .
< user > < user > if saying nigger to someone makes them respond violently that person has no place in society violent animals belong in cages when is the last time you heard kike or faggot or any other slur as the basis for violence words are just words sticks and stones etc
what is john wayne 's favourite movie ?
minority report
i could n't agree more .
two of my closest friends are female and i am very attached to them and them to me .
both are married , one i even dated briefly .
we care about each other deeply but i care about my close male friends and am attached to them as well .
attachment does n't have to be romantic .
the women who came out against weinstein filed lawsuits
if my posting thing was n't broke i would post this nice story were a fusion guy was being questioned by the house and he told them that there had been    suspicious deaths and arrests    linked to the scandal and it was a old school    " purge " commie style-- if you want the story its at infowars--
call others ignorant and stupid say 4 th grade level things about a topic you have not researched what was it like learning about your white guilt for 1 0 0 k a year did it make you feel like a good person
< user > < user > the prophet muhammad saw says if you are full and your neighbour is sleeping hungry you are not a muslim
what a petty , petulant , little man .
so unconstitutional , too .
you just can not see the forest for the trees , can you alceste .
the trump tweets that mj cites do not question question victims of domestic violence rather they rightly < number > question the damage that unproven accusations of domestic violence can do to a person reputation and career < number > point out that the accusations have not been proved and < number > < number >
i could be wrong , but i 'm pretty sure that euthanasia cures reproduction ...
there once was a fellow named mike whose podcast was easy to like he offered respect and praises to kek but hid that he d married a kike
whoops , i meant warren 's points .
changes the content a bit ...
i can not imagine having to live with this level of cognitive dissonance life is so much easier when you just say fuck it and adopt race realism and white nationalism instead of contradicting yourself a gorillian times over just to make niggers and jews hate you less
& # 128514;&#128514 ; that 's some real hood shit , i 'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & amp ; realizing that someone stole his gas cap
even 8 0 iq blacks swarming and murdering whites while yelling git dem dey white know what white is but you do not hmm perhaps i owe you an apology making fun of the retarded is rather base
yep it in the genes trashy diane shagging a raghead now her son hooked up with a mud time to abolish royals when qeii moves on they are such chavvy trailer trash prince harry
@threelisabeth is this what they mean when they warn you about women who 'll " take the shirt off your back "
his supporters and backers are those who want to preserve the status quo .
if one of my employees would spew their politics , left or right , while representing my company , i would warn them to desist such behavior and fire them if they refused .
it is bad business to alienate 1/2 of your customer base .
the responses from the owners show that they fear their players .
smith , the union representative , is completely correct that players have the protections afforded all citizens of free speech .
players do not have any protection from an employer or private citizen who may not want them to practice it on their time or in their face .
your free speech rights only apply to the government being forced to tolerate your opinions .
othèr fellow citizens also have the right to tell you to shut - up .
so , if you wish to make a political statement , you are constitutionally protected to do so and the government can not shut you up .
if you decide to make the same statement in my house or in the workplace , you should expect to be kicked out of the house or fired .
no , i like that you 're bi .
it 's hot !
< user > children future the rate they will join the young nazi movement stop being an idiot and read about the eu nazi origins
this book speaks of the original language of scripture & amp ; the comparison of god 's modern voice in english verses his ancient in hebrew - wow .
@editor_pmrt meanwhile 100 k illegals coming here a month ha ha ha san fran human feces all over the streets , addicts shooting up in the streets , needles everywhere a cop just caught typhus now police demanding la be cleaned up your dem utopia
< user > as in retarded
when ur fucking hair gets caught in the fucking hinges of ur fucking glasses
" beta pussy " you say .
hmmm , let 's rearrange those letters : beat pussy sounds fun but also violent bate pussy sounds like a sting operation be at pussy sounds like a date .
or my personal favorite : i bet a pussy like you only talks shit online .
i do n't believe the roman reigns for aj styles trade is true .
they want reigns vs lasner at wm34 .
there s no way lasner goes to # sdlive
i do not believe anyone is actually attracted to the same sex the typical raped lesbian is conditioned out of it many younger men and women are artificially conditioned in govt schools twitter and tv hollywood to likewise fear what they really want
get raped by a thousand niggers cunt you are not even wanted trash bitch
gerry who ?
well , here it is !
season 4 people ! ! !
tryout info for next year ! !
come join the revolution … https://t.co/vebb8s7l3j
black democrat killed 11 coworkers .
fucking open that hole bitch and take his cock .
by the time he is done with you your boi pussy will never be the same slutboy .
on the bright side you 'll be lubed and you 'll never feel a thing when the guys waiting their turn rape you all night long .
url
filthy gay fucks url
grown men are such toxic buggers .
the only way to solve this is legally mandated castration of all cis - males at birth .
serves them right .
pharaoh had it right by ordering the execution of all first born male children .
just be done with them and get on with your wonderful life .
just a reminder that you 'll never know the feeling of beautiful women confessing her love and affection for you like she does for chad .
always a fun championship match up when both teams are in the bonus with 14 minutes left in the half
ever since i called my dad out on he homophobia he stopped a winning
hey klan do n't you have a kkk cross burning to attend ?
@veronic16912774 @senkamalaharris actually the native americans were at war constantly with each other murdering and stealing each others land over and over .
that 's a fact and actual history .
it 's was n't a bunch of tree hugging liberals in teepees .
given their lax immigration rules over decades , one would have to wonder how many more angry young muslim men are there in the uk ready and willing to be martyr 's .
unfortunately the bishops have lost their moral voice opting for the comfortable gala dinners to raise lots of money from those wealthy successful business types .
they have sold out .
you can not serve both god and mammon .
the bishops have made tried to walk the center , least offensive line possible .
it seems to me that the only one they are offending is jesus .
sure i pray for the bishops , but this article and the many thoughtful comments are provoking in me a self - examination of my own integrity and need to be more courageous .
fuck this spitting bitch
get this man a pussy - hat !
he fits right in .....
stan lee doesm t like faggots like you harvey
@shelbyndiaz @monikaalynn _ @cmclymer @realdonaldtrump look faggot do n't forget your still a guy i 'll whip your ass
another myopic decision made by the worlds most insufferable man - child .
impeach and jail this treasonous russian puppet .
chinese embassy in pakistan hosted an iftar dinner for media and think tanks .
dcm lijian zhao said vice president wang qishan 's visit sent a strong message that china pakistan relationship is exceptional .
@ptvworldenglish @realrazakhan @cathaypak @cpec_official @ptvnewsofficial url
" what y all gon ' hear today ... is the mother of all anti semitic hate raps .... this is revenge for all the dead children that fell victim from way back .. this here is for every single arab .. shit , even the christians gon ' feel like they 're getting their payback once i rape your mother in the ass with no protection , bare back , wearing a mel gibson face mask ...   bruh .. one of the best opening verses of all time .
period .
hoping trumps adviser pushing for a registry for muslims actually happens we need to keep those immigrants in check and terroists out of our country
🗣 this is the fifth consecutive increase in hate crimes year over year in the united states .
🗣 only 36 states have hate crime laws that apply to lgbtq+ people specifically .
🗣 this year alone , 12 black trans women have been murdered .
url
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge black cock up your hole bitch so now scream , cry all you want that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boipussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his huge load deep inside .
url
no wonder my twitter account got banned for life the white guilt cucked out faggot ass founder has a bunch third world shithole sand niggers running the show
it 's always you weird ass looking " i look like i 've tried to suck my own dick before " type niggaz that have the most shit to say about shit that does n't fucking concern your dumb ass !
it would appear that for all of the oppression visited upon him , mr. saganash has prospered nicely .
he obviously learned to read and write and has managed to navigate his way through our ' colonial ' , racist society .
will he renounce the pension from our racist tax dollars ?
perhaps what he and the aboriginal leadership need to do is stop their incessant complaining and realize that the key to success is just what he has ; education and getting off the reserve / isolated communities .
this incessant demand for facilities / conditions comparable to urban centers is unrealistic , yet it is never ending .
but , just down the road in the smallest non - native community , those do n't exist either , because there is no population to support it .
gross .
crawl back into you tree hollow white woman .
what a pathetic man .
i will not be investing in you company .
@johnpavlovitz they would n't know jesus if he was in front of them .
jesus name in their mouths is a blasphemy
i have a bachelor 's degree .
my gross wages were $ 77000 last year .
i was born in canada .
i 'm employed .
there are 2 people living in my house .
qatar bans homosexuality as al jazeera in english marks lgbt pride month url
" you know when the party was lit when the next day your friend texted you " " have you seen my bra ? " " & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; "
got ta love day one college homework .
write 3 interesting facts about yourself ?
i thought finals were supposed to be hard this is impossible .
@chrism1th @dominicmalmonte like homosexuality was ever directly connected to incest
you are the finest , tenderest & amp ; the most beautiful person i 've ever known .
i love you a lot mind following me ?
@harry_styles ♡ x47,217
monica looks like she 's going through stage 4 terminal sjwism with how she 's got her hair styled .
i do n't see anything in the photo either .
there 's a little skiff , not an 84 foot semisub .
i liked the poor whites left behind angle of twp but who d give a shit about blacks in that situation why are not they seeking out opportunities elsewhere
as a meta - level point , i hope everyone agrees that an invalid argument for a true conclusion is still a bad argument .
any republican claiming the moral high ground because they oppose gay marriage and abortion should be reminded that they voted for a man who bragged about grabbing women by their pu$$ies and whose wife has posed naked for a lesbian photo shoot !
auto correct is giving me a fucking headache .. i know when to use you and your & # 128530 ;
obama did not do enough for black people not even god can do enough it impossible maybe if they ship in whites and asians and paint them black
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
fm :   deterrence is a valid passive defensive strategy .
defense is an active response to a threat .
i am so glad to hear that < user > has joined the white supremacist movement with her towelhead comments now we can attack her with impunity cancel lily singh
damn gypsies !
they have tons of money i hate that they beg ...
fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
i feel like this sub has been quite empty lately 
 looks like i have to revel in loneliness even on the internet
do you see where this is going on with all the fucking genders .
write in bernie sanders for president !
the only thing sand niggers like more than blowing up buildings is pretending they did not do anything by now they should be out of buildings and rotting in the hot desert sun
you can fight your own battles .
no - it was n't a fair comment , but it was not uncivil .
if i had to review it , i would have given it a pass .
your odd accusations however are questionable .
still waiting for the proof or facts that " the guy " is targeting posters rating everything as " uncivil . "
what guy ?
how do you know ?
and stop making accusations and suggestions about me , too - you 're right .
you do n't know .
people on twitter are retarded lol that squad is never getting a result against that bayern team but yes it ’ lampard ’ fault
mohammad mousavi and your just a hater ..
the problem is that , they are the vocal half of wmaf .
i see you 've lifted your entire foreign policy from an old copy of soldier of fortune magazine .
" should you have any pertinent , specific , well - foundled thoughts about this thread do let us know . "
they 'd go right over your head .
why transgenders want us to accept them if they do n't even accept themselves .
there was some fucking tea spilled at work today i thought two girls were gon na fight
how christian of you .
you sir , are a true patriot & american .
a man with high ideals who cares about his neighbor & fellow man .
your children must be proud of you .
( " do n't give that bum a dollar , he lost his legs fighting for this country like a loser !
he 's on his own ! " )
< user > i say this with love she a badass bitch
me being like omg i do not have any shivs left how am i supposed to kill all these clickers
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
my personal favorite screen name of the month is notgarycum i would have to give it 5 stars for creativity .
probably helps to explain your anger with 40 - 20 .
i just asked a < number > year old about pewdiepie using the nigger word in a video his reply was who cares i agreed with the sentiment and congratulated him on his common sense
i have heard that and have read that verse in the bible that is arabs muslim is a religion and muhamid is the prophet of alah the koran is their book which is not of the god of abraham
be funny to watch people try to expel muzzies from bosnia and croatia best of luck to the suicidal inclined
@bettywbc so fuck ya , and the fags nobody cares .
its just people you never took time with .
got a neighborhood of fag haters .
and a fag house looking at ya
" doll was curled up in the small patch of tall grass , her breathing was short and weak .
she got poison by a mean poison type earlier . " " .... " " "
time to be hypocritical and get mad at people dear people against lgbtqa hi it me the person who a hypocrite if you ca nt accept people if they are queer gay lesbian trans etc get out of your own fucking head we are happier being in the lgbtqa community lgbt qclub
" we have explored the role of social media , the loss of the fairness doctrine and the city / country divide in creating this break .
but no one — at least , no one i 've seen — has explored what seems to me the most glaringly obvious factor .
we are not , after all , divided because americans pulled back from the center and retreated into extremism .
no , we are divided because one party did .
and it was n't the democrats . "
exactly .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
clinton should do her party a favour – and vanish 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 bingo !
and sanders should take a hike too .
lol fuck off autist soyboy
got a new phone same # but good to have my internet with me no more flip phone .. fuck part is got home alarm was going off and recorded someone voice after alarm went off was thinking we catch video if they tried any more but at least field a report with police .. what a day 👌 😎
i have seen two people threaten to sue gab users for utterly frivolous reasons the raving retard braverymovie and you
opinion when a girl is a hoe everyone assumes that girl is the one who hit up every single guy even if it always the guy who makes the first move sexism or no smh 😒
he had a very serious injury .
thought he 'd be back like early 2018 at the earliest so this is even beyond like john cena levels here
yeah her ass to strict i wanna man like that i see them white bitches be saying all she does is sleep they will whip him anytime bye
@xstrawberrylou than move out motherfucker , go to germany where you can take a dick in the asson the streeets , , ....
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
these are the same unethical tactics that democrat front groups like indivisible use throughout the country .
if young had actually shown up these fascist thugs would have shouted him down and any other decent citizens who would try to seriously be informed .
even more embarrassing is that this fascist rag actually publishes this group 's propaganda instead of exposing its actual agenda .
# teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage , child labor laws , unions , is pro - scab , sweatshop work - pretty much # slavery .
dear illegal immigrants living in my apartment building my editor busted out thousands of dollars to get his green card has invested in real estate property what have you done do tell thank you rosy
i wish there was a woman fat and ugly enough 
 that she would love me
i just have a couple of months behind and then i 'll be caught up with the main roster of wwe monday night raw and wwe smackdown live
i disagree before the british started to hire arab mercenaries to attack jewish villages arabs and jews got along fairly well jews fought in saladin army and modern kurds are mostly friendly with jews in the roman times the idumeans fought alongside the jewish anti roman militia
it 's almost as if there 's a border crisis and we 're being overwhelmed with illegal aliens .
who pays for this ?
omg i 'm finally going to be killed by an incel
yes but imma be pissed if she lying and they just luring me into some place to kill me together .. url
# pagedbecause some amoral locum agency decided to phone the on call senior registrar to see if we would use their doctors .
the only education that you will have is my white superior cock , fucking nigger slut .
s - a harangues the leg on this but fully cajoles leg to prop up and enable the famously inept and corrupt part - time hnl mayor in his quixotic quest for completing the rail fail
money that would be better spent providing assistance to move to cities that already have " affordable housing . "
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
shout out to the girls that ain t retarded
why is this even being discussed ?
because the lying liberal media hates trump , republicans , conservatives and caucasian males .
" morning highlight # geraldine_davys quotes stevejobs " " start with the customer experience & amp ; work backwards to the technology # ccomel # ccoforum "
its a bunch of bs .
they will just form foundations like trudeau and clinton and funnel the money that way .
to add salt in the wound they will declare tax deductions probably for non - profits .... 

 the number # 1 profession for criminal record holders has been what ?
politics .
oh and they have this thing called envelopes ....... 

 go back to your phones 
 no news here .
deport all the illegals and build the wall !
anybody that tries to stop ice tomorrow should be jailed and fined .
hahah we all know harry has n't been dating since he met louis fucking tomlinson :))
i am confused how a president blocked stimulus checks for those who married to immigrants while he himself married to an immigrant
you ca n't manage everything around you ; trying alone easily overwhelms a person .
have faith in others to help you .
so most of them were killed due to dumb religious belief .....
would spanish speakers even form the majority of the island if it were a state .
could there be more mexicans than pr on the island ?
each choice has definite trade offs .
such a snarky response .
you must be an unhappy person
i hate it when /r / niceguys members claim to be nerds 
 if they were nerds , they would n't be on a bully sub .
we support president trump and his tweets .
if they are not happy , go back to your country .
your kids need you more as parent not only toys !
so be there emotionally , physically and financially .
presbyterian ladies & - head rowing coach url # job # croydon
time to learn the art of writing to apply for grants .
seems like different orgs prefer drastically different styles , high level vs detailed .
guardamerican draws the line at the sanctity of life unlike your gosnell crowd ethno cleansing blacks more than any nazi ever dreamed that your side the kk venezuela socialism euthenasia all you libs love death conservatives value life
# photography # plane flying over buildings by zong qin https://t.co/ghxgrtupih https://t.co/in81ermonn
< user > < user > < user > yes men commit male violence i actually would nt envy a lesbian being confonted with a penis for a number of reasons the fear of being raped or being beaten for turning down the trans woman being just one
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
is this the one who broke out of six different concentration camps as a child and swam 200 miles upstream in the icy danube river ?
as a woman once explained to me , one of the big differences between being a man and a woman ( or girl ) is that just as in this case , she may be enjoying herself alone   in nature when suddenly some sorry excuse of a man literally jumps out of the bushes to attack her .
while i 'm glad this girl got away , she 's not likely to forget this scary experience of hiding in the river   for a long time , while other girls or women who hear about this incident will   feel less safe .
we hope they catch this jerk but there are more of the same out there , sadly .
sure ... we 're going to be ok in 40 or 50 years ..    but until then how are were supposed to eat ?
great   thought albeit quite naïve .
i 've always enjoyed it when people wished me a happy pride , and that goes for most lgbt+ people i 've met .
your boyfriend was a faggot that like to fuck little girls as i do .
but he liked niggers which made him a piece of shit and a sinner that is why god killed him .
i bet your pussy stinks too .
prob the size of a fucking mop bucket !
i love underage pussy nice and tight , unlike yours and does not stink like yours ! !
you are a whore .
you should have a threesome and make the boys fuck each other in the fart hole .
hope this helps stinky pussy .
off to get me some tiny slits ! !
wish me luck !
so when your employer is struggling do you re - mortgage your house and contribute that money to the business ?
do you take an un - negotiated pay cut ?
how do you measure that " fair share " of the situation ?
employees benefit from a certain amount of security that goes to " untaxed benefits " .
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
< user > its an epidemic in all of america ghetto shitholes
have you ever met a muslim for real have you lived in a islamised area
of course democrats benefit from their gerrymandering efforts here .
it 's not even a question .
both parties gerrymander when they have the power to get away with it .
some try to pretend that it 's only the domain of the r 's ( since they 've had the national advantage lately ) , but that 's silly .
d 's do it every chance they get too .
like they 've done in colorado .
should n't be having children anyway .
darwinism .
do the white thing turn nigger ball off
another sleepless night starting to research kirk douglas who began as of a family of poor jewish immigrants in a city near mine creepy personal life hidden forever shows internal moral longtime rot of hollywood
furries are gay url
do you see where this is going on with all the fucking genders .
what 's pashto for " overexposed " ?
malala .
thanks for your support commando 88 , pm me and we will talk .
these young boys and women or young men and woman really have no idea what they are doing .
as far as imitating colin kaepernick 's actions , he certainly is a loser to follow .
just last week kaepernick was asked by a reporter why he kneeled , kaepernick responded , " because i hate america " .
anyone who disrespects the us flag and this country , just move to a different country ...
fucked a white bitch in the ass she shitted call it a mcflurry
the roles are about to be switched up , females bouta be out here fucking anything while the dudes are being reapectable and innocent ☺ ☺ ☺ then we gon na live longer then yall , yall gon na have to take the trash ... url
there is not much point in canada perpetuating the myth that we have military capability .
our navy consists of a rusted out second hand submarine and a couple of outdated surface craft with the people crewing these pieces of prehistory being a bunch of wingers , whiners and drunks .
our airforce , even if the crews are excellent , consists of more outdated junk and our ground forces consist of everything but able bodied fighting men ( i leave out women because women on the front line is a stupidity ) .
we have decimated anything which resembled a strong fighting force thus as a strong country we are doomed to failure .
what a fucking dipshit faggot .
i really think airpods are overrated tried some and there was no bass in them hoes 💀
iams is now owned by the mars company and is made in holland .
it 's no longer the healthy food that vets once prescribed .
and how does 
 1 .
a good , old , american company become foreign and 
 2 .
a candy company come to make pet food ?
feminists did this to women .
url
not hard at all to find this out , with a little bit of internet searching .
as mike mcfadden noted , kval reported about this .
a little more searching shows that he served time in jail in california for having sex with girls under 16 .
he was also arrested in eugene 3 months ago , for selling marijuana to minors .
and he also failed to register here locally as a sex offender , when he arrived .
it is sad that the lane county jail let him out pending his upcoming trial for his arrests in july .
this man is a clear and present danger to the children of our community , and deserves to held in the county jail pending his trial .
you and others here are defending absolute scum .
fuck white people and fuck the cops .
and if you feel some type of way about it eat a dick !
the world is full of gold oil diamonds even shit stink paintings go fo billions and a nigger broke .
somthing fishy going on
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
some people are just born bad .
we do have free will , to a degree .
but dna eventually takes over .
its domestic speculation that drives the market .
hi john , please see my comments above .
according to fars data reported by nhtsa , fatal crashes due to distracted driving involving use of electronics such as cell phones are about 3 % ( 12 % of   25 % ) of total fatalities .
this compares with 31 % involving an intoxicated driver , yet similar penalties are proposed .
moreover , this does not differentiate between hand - texting , hand - held talking , and hands - free talking .
i would guess the crashes almost entirely involve hand - texting , since phone conversations differ little from conversations with passengers that account for 1.25 % ( 5 % of 25 % ) of recorded fatal crashes .
i can not find any data justifying prohibition of hand - held or hands - free talking .
3 of 4 of them were born in america moron .
how about we send melania back ?
i love cross - dressing .
cue the trump cult to cry fake news .
at birth , male babies should be screened to see if they have a positive or negative canthal tilt 
 if negative , it should be law to kill it on the spot since that kid will never live a happy life .
do you lads like yachts are you aware that caligula had the first yachts built out of wood of course not because he was deranged and had sex with a horse maybe just maybe that is a lie no goy < number > gorrillion jews died
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
why do all these faggots have the most insufferable ?
it a mediocre tinder knockoff where women are required to message men first it useless in eastern europe because the only women who use it are british or irish tourists
transwomen retain male privilege on grounds of not having been socialized as women .
they were raised as agressors and that behavior continues after transition .
transmen are generally not really included by the traa because they are considered women and not men .
@scsazak the only people who might be tormented right now are people of color who fear for their lives
whoever hit my fucking car , i will fucking find you .
fuk asap - he do n't believe in black activists
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > thank you for always treating us faggots as the dirt we are sir 👑 💪 🏼
yes all men disappoint eventually .
the french government position is that france is made stronger by the immigrants it is bribing to leave porter
the reason why feelings alone cannot   be the basis for official action is simple .
i am not responsible for your paranoia .
note that i am not suggesting that black fellow students of the poster in california are paranoid ; they have objectively reasonable grounds to believe they are being threatened .
however there are people , most notably american policemen ,   who will feel threatened without reasonable grounds ; their feelings are not and can not be my responsibility , so a right not to feel threatened is meaningless .
this is not merely hypothetical , it 's personal .
i am quite pacifist by nature but i am very large ; 195 cm . ,
150 kg .
there are people who feel threatened by my simple presence in their vicinity .
do you believe that i violate those people 's rights simply by being out in public . ?
ruling party is using the dehumanisation of lgbt people as a rallying thing before the elections this fall .
basically nsdap tactics .
ur pussy way too dry to be riding my dick like this
do you think the chad stereotype in the media ( movies , social media , advertisements , etc ) have warped the perception of women on what the majority of men actually look like ?
fuck nigga call blocked me 😂 😂
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
2 % of aarp 3.8 million members self - identify as # lgbtq , making it one of the largest lgbtq pop'n in a member org # ff2017 # greypower # seniors
< user > here in us where sex determination is legal some indians and asians r doin this practice how unfortunate is that
arius taught that christ was a creature made by god .
he disguised his heresy using orthodox or near - orthodox terminology and ambiguous language , and sowed great confusion in the church .
< user > kill yourself o 🙄
you ca n't know how much i appreciate your comment , thanks .
after my mother accepted that i as a gay man -- indeed human -- and her loving son , she cringed and even shook every time dp spewed more of his radical christian hate rhetoric .
he is a radical , no doubt .
sooner or later her will go after divorced folks , blacks and on and on .
his is ayatollah behavior .
be safe you and your brother .
attention all hacks it time to make fun of white girls and pumpkin spice then you can go back to your orange trump jokes and correcting my spelling or kill yourself i prefer the latter
< user > i ’ ve always dated white men who ’ ve never dated black women they all from america mytwocents
i do not even know where to start with this dumb statement the f35 program was going on during his presidency and queers and transgender people have more heart and courage than trump apparently he dodged the draft
you know the scary thing about trump is , apart from the fact that he is in the white house , with his personal"roy cohen " and partied with epstein , his supporters see this disgusting human as their " god".the american evangelicals appear to think they can commit any heinous crime one day and the next day , prostrate themselves before people like themselves , and give each other total forgiveness for anything and then continue to live their debauched lives on a daily basis .
very very creepy !
i wish there was a woman fat and ugly enough 
 that she would love me
you should accept that your ass should be a pussy cum dumpster for real men
bucks fizz remind me of one of my dads ' sweedish ' films i once found on top of his wardrobe in a secret shoe box # totp
you forgot the part where a faggot zero fucked some nignog from africa who had fucked some other nignog who fucked a monkey b then american women started fucking these faggots and then fucked normal men and smuggled the virus from fags and junkies to regular people
rocket man going get you .
can you move these chairs so i can sit down with my friend and eat ?
what do tumblr and deep - fried foods have in common ?
lots of trans - fat .
i thought asians are not fond of divorces what up with everyone in the gee family getting divorces left and right
is this the one who broke out of six different concentration camps as a child and swam 200 miles upstream in the icy danube river ?
if we reduce it all to its bare essentials , the problem with bill 103 is this : 

 if a muslim guy says i 'm an infidel and i should die , then he is protected by freedom of speech .
if i say the muslim guy is an idiot and he should die , then i go to jail .
someone - anyone - please explain to me how this is even close to being fair and equitable .
that does n't reflect how the electoral college works at all .
the electoral college would have simply had 2 beat 3 because the 2 have disproportionate political power relative to their size .
a liberal tax grab , get prepared for lower standard of living .
you look like the kind of man who would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach - around
arrest them at the border and put them in cages .
nora , 

 respectfully , you are illustrating my point .
the protestant church has over a century of wrestling with this issue , but then we wrestle with everything , what with " the priesthood of all believers " and what not .
we could n't agree on a single doctrine .
for many us converts , the draw was precisely that we find the catholic church with it 's apostolic succession and direct line of authority to be the main draw that brought us in .
i may not agree with every doctrine of the church , but i gladly submit to her authority .
believe me the weight of deciding each doctrine for yourself is a heavy burden to bear .
i say that with great love and affection for former colleagues .
i am in no way fearful of the ordination of women , but am content to accept the position of the church until those god has placed in authority are guided by the holy spirit to do otherwise .
funnily enough the job passage from today 's liturgy of the hours seems to address this very thing .
i respect equality so much i beat women so they can have the same punishment men get 💯
little bobby butthurt corker just needs to go away .
the man is a complete disgrace and a lying phony rino .
with all the violence at uc berkeley i kinda wonder why the uc police have not started shooting people yet also i wonder how many millions of breitbart is gon na sue for and i wonder if trump will cut their funding over this
it is hard to understand .
i get it from a sexual standpoint .
people like what they like be it man / woman / both .
i do not at all understand identifying as something other than the only two options .
w / e ppl do as ppl do and we wish them gl .
< user > < user > this is the first time a man speaking on rape culture is not lecturing women with tips on how to get raped less keep calling out your predator friends your family your teachers your bosses that the first step
so turkish conservatives = based and blackpilled ascended incels ?
yep !
caldwell who sold us the bogus 2012 financial plan " with lots of figures and details and good to go " should not be hired again .
hear caldwell in his own words : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d6nlnroz68 

 i 'm voting for charles djou .
yes it is .
there are only two sexes .
male and female 
 a boy may feel he is a girl , but that peepee between his legs denotes his sex .
anything is is just bad wiring .
sorry , but that 's the truth .
who exactly is pushing for imposition of sharia law ?
not a group , but actual names of real people who live here .
omg india plz do not bomb my college kmdc north nazimabad block n karachi sindh 😭 😭 😭 😭
ol faggot ass bitch
nice deflection from my challenge to you .
you know little to nothing about me , but a career in law enforcement says i care about enforcing laws and ensuring public safety , as i was out in the field attempting to make a difference , and not sitting at a keyboard postulating .
i just believe in logical things and not hopes and dreams .
none of these murders are acceptable , but i am able to recognize that a miniscule percentage of your stated " 42 % of the world 's guns " are used inappropriately or illegally .
i also recognize that the only thing laws and locks do is help keep honest people honest .
people who are intent on being miscreants are not stopped by either .
my fairly significant gun collection - none of which has , or very likely will ever , hurt you or anyone else , is securely locked in 2 safes which are bolted to the floor in my basement .
while i ca n't guarantee that no one will break into my house , or my safe , rest easy knowing that i care enough to take reasonable precautions .
as pierce pointed out the glorious day is coming when a republican will never win the presidency again and the white middle class will have to confront the reality of < number > million blacks
so my wife has two other dicks and the count goes up .
haha !
why do n't y' all pay some of these bills for that free pussy .
it 's really nice if : 
 - getting religion helps people improve their lives , their relationships , and communities 
 - ditching religion helps people improve their lives , their relationships , and communities 

 it 's really not nice if : 
 - getting religion does n't help people improve their lives , their relationships , and communities 
 - ditching religion does n't help people improve their lives , their relationships , and communities 

 some truth things : 
 people are converting to , or returning to , or leaving religious groups all the time .
whatever helps , helps .
do n't assume that any experience applies to everyone .
coercion is very ugly .
people just want to be happy .
someone will always disagree with you .
people never think they 're wrong .
i ca n't believe you needed help with that .
oh wait , yes i can .
yea but it never gets old about clinton !
" since when do you have to agree with people to defend them from injustice ? "
-lillian hellman 

 hang in there eagle
i do n't want a pers deficit ... i was just asking if there was any conceivable way to " fund education " without being part of solving pers .
i hear that comment a lot , that people want to fund health care or schools , etc , but not if it means dropping pressure on pers .
i do n't see how that could be done .
happy early birthday there going to be alot of antifa pussies who are going to be very surprised what real violence looks like it will be coming from men who have practiced the art of violence for many years it should cure any further outbreaks from the tards
bottom ‏ < user > no dignity respect 4 women acid attacks rape abuse or gay people thrown off rooftops have we not just fought for 1 0 0 yrs 2 get where we r 🤔
@ian lee now i wonder who would murder a elderly black activist women and stick her body in a car trunk .you are are a typical red hat inbred moron ....... no hate crime here , right cupcake .
freaken boy wonder here folks .........
the weaker sex -- boys are being outclassed by girls at both school and university , and the gap is widening
in a country culture in which whites and whiteness are demonized as ours these kinds of ideas seem outdated we are being put in a cultural ghetto as a people donald trump is seriously considered a white supremacist donald trump why he a straight white male and not an sjw
that 's part theory , and a lot of myth .
prosecutors are often more harmful to society than the defendants they " put away . "
the system is that broken !
you can pay the waterbill for there showers .
i do n't want any of my tax dollars going to bathe illegal immigrants .
i dunno about your guy 's neighborhood , but all the girls in my hood knew to stay away from nasty , old , creepy dudes .
you 've forgotten the iraq war and the fake news about weapons of mass destruction , have n't you ?
my question was about immigration policies .
is there something wrong with the vetting that took place under obama ?
my recollection is that we fared pretty well on this front during the obama years .
unc huge win 2night over oregon 77 - 76 , amazingly got the win w / hicks&amp;berry going a combine 3of26 fgs .
rebounding key , national title monday
does n't revelation reveal that at some point the world will turn its back on israel ?
that might have something to do with christians supporting them , seeing as they know the prophecy of the anti - christ turning on israel .
well she already has fake tits and always wears those stupid ass eyelashes .
insecure for no reason .
" @concealedtrust @countessswan + body into the space between the two blondes . ] " "
i would really love to get to know more about them so i ~~ "
like we have a fucking plan to exterminate all the men in the world , like bro chill you are not that important
ahh yes the ghettos i forgot those he meant white people
if my kid is trans , it can use whatever bathroom it wants at the adoption center .
i think yer a faggot
i m , i hate black people and minorities
heh .
says the woman who just yesterday referred to another woman ( not killary ) as a b * * * * on another thread .
can you say ' hypocrisy ' boys and girls ?
you 're all a massive inspiration .
we have to redouble our efforts here in the west , so that we may one day end the exploitation of african peoples and move forward to a fairer , more decent world .
solidarity from the uk !
i need not   bother , little nazi pants , because i ca n't help you figure out where you hide your intelligence or brilliance .
i know it 's got ta be in there somewhere .... in that little woman / man cave .
< user > < user > i fucking hate you so much 😂 😂 😂
baby rodrigues your country is full of retards which probably explains why you do n't know the difference between the liberian flag and american flag .
what the hell is it with shitty gab trolls and calling people monkeys maybe that kike freud was right
i luv watchin nut being gettin ate by these # cuckolds .
especially when the nut is so thick and stringy . #
fatdick # thicknigga # thickdick # blackdick # cuck # cuckold # cumeating # cleanup # cumshot url
oh .... definitely .
a girl who is * trying * is 10 times more attractive .
also , high school boys are basically walking boners .
nigger can not say that on twitter btw this is why i gotongab
what a d - bag review .
but it 's typical in a city that is terminally ill with a perpetual case of hipster malaise .
only in portland would a soulful , sincere and genuine rocker like bruce get the " what have you done for us lately " treatment .
the band is tight and the energy they provided is a much - needed reminder of how it 's done .
the river , for those who get it , is an album that covers a lot of ground : from teenage missteps , to fear and doubt , all the way to plain old " fuck you , it 's friday " rock n roll .
i 've seen the man a dozen times ( most recently the seattle show right after the portland show ) and he killed it .
the energy from the crowd was off the charts despite a muddy sound system and he put on one of his finest shows : non - stop , joyful , deep and of course , moving .
eddie vedder joined them onstage and they looked like teenagers up there just enjoying being a part of our night .
bruce is a throwback who still has a lot to offer those willing to truly listen .
" personal conscience " !
really ?
can someone please explain how a collective will permit its members to think and act as individuals ?
or does this argument explode the myth of the anc being a collective ?
< user > then you are retarded which is kinda true
you may have a point , but there would be no money to be made playing in the smaller stadium in fort collins , not to mention the high cost of playing there because of the expenses of the new stadium .
damn he a homo too not surprising israel is full of queers
congratulation , the entire world for all of history has been a * * * * ing run for men .
okay .
killing and caging " brown kids " is wrong .
it was wrong then and it 's wrong now .
it is always wrong .
russell i'm going to fuck your wife stop fucking dying you useless cuck
yes , i am saying one of the issues with our parks is the bureaucracy involved but this is n't the forum for suggesting solutions to fix that .
giving some credit for proactiveness , the city council is working on ( and just passed ) a mechanism for communities to get involved .
in the past , groups have attempted to work with the city and found that they are just not set up to do that .
even if certain municipalities wanted the the help , there were impassable bureaucratic barriers that prevented it .
i do believe that if they were empowered , many citizens would take ownership and fill the gaps to make their local parks and playgrounds special places .
notice how jews constantly use the knavery they pulled on mankind during ww2 calling all capitalists nazis as a cover up so that nobody can call them communists in return but that s what all jews are communist trash
fagot , shut your mouth and suck you , for this you are predestined .
you have a fag rostut tits and beautiful ass , fuck you whore amazingly 😍 😘 😍 😘 😍 😘 😍 😘 url
i look at these departures two different ways and neither one is good .
either all of these high level directors are jumping the continued train wreck of the hickenlooper administration or they are selfish and greedy people who only used their director position to promote themselves and get lucrative private sector jobs .
it is just a shame that they could not see fit to fulfill their full commitment .
unfortunately i feel that it is a combination of both for all of them .
oh well , why should we expect anything different .
when you assume a black man was not born in the usa , because they are black , that is racist .
trump is a racist .
that 's the thing , most guys do just wanna get laid but not rape anyone .
why did hitler kill himself ?
because he got the gas bill
2 % of aarp 3.8 million members self - identify as # lgbtq , making it one of the largest lgbtq pop'n in a member org # ff2017 # greypower # seniors
where is the outrage against trump and all this " just locker room talk , it 's just how men talk " nonsense for lumping all men together as a bunch of lecherous sexual predators ?
bcz those fucking kikes let muslim araps in our countries while they are killing same muslim arabs on a land kikes stole from them as for nazi your fucking kikes were nazies as u are
you like little cute dogs .
that 's feminine .
dogs are protesting not in my backyard
i hope that you are lying and bey you are but holy fuck it 's true only retards reproduce .
idiocrisy was right .
i ca n't imagine the slop hole that let you retarded ass dump in it .
please stop spreading your shitty dna it 's detrimental to the world .
i do n't understand the 6 mutations conclusion you have .
mutations occur at a low rate for sure ( 1 mutation in 300 genomes for bacteria ) .
so the chance of two mutations is 1/300 x 1/300 and the chance of 6 mutations is ( 1/300)^6 , or 1 in 79 trillion .
but the number of bacteria on earth is 5,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 , so 6 billion bacteria will have 6 new mutations arising at any time .
given a generation time of 20 minutes , that is searching a lot of genome space every year .
this does n't even take into account that there are 6 billion billion bacteria with 2 mutations arising at the same time , and most of these will pass those mutations on to the next generation , allowing 2 additional new mutations to arise in 6 billion of those , and then 6 bacteria to have all 6 new mutations after just 3 generations .
most new genes arise from duplication and subfunctionalization ( also work of u of o researchers ) , so no one wonders how a gene with 1000 amino acids could appear at once .
some german economists are advising merkel to delay brexit till < number > in the tacit hope no doubt that corbyn will get in by then and nix it kill that stupid fat dyke merkel and her beta bitch male sycophants
" for fox , the crisis was part moral and part legal .
by whatever calculus they used , the string of accusations against both men would be offensive to large segments of its conservative christian audience .
the threat of lawsuits was likely even more troubling . "
fox " news " has repeatedly shown to be immune to its own hypocrisy .
no doubt it was the lawsuits staring it in the face that led them to dump its two biggest personalities .
walker is using permanent fund for the original purpose we created it for in 1976 when i voted for it back then !
https://www.adn.com/commentary/article/alaskans-opted-save-not-pay-dividends-1976-permanent-fund-vote/2015/09/21/
is the fallacy that # cleanenergy is clean and does n't involve massive embodied energy a ) the right amount of harmful , or b ) too harmful ?
first of all i would just like to say i am a cis gendered white male so i am obviously more privileged than others , but these guys in the picture are bunch of pussys .
our government has wasted an incredible amount of money .
giving them more is not the answer .
bet there would not be so many interracial relationships if all the baby come out white
they just wanna shake him down anytime new military units get involved in the drug war in mehico they learn the ropes lightning fast and go for the $ $ $ $ $ $ .
... the jew shall have my flesh , blood and bones and all ...
all white people can do is impotently whine when their children are getting raped by the muslim conquerors they deserve rape and murder weaklings die out
actually a source says having a bigger penis makes you more retarded
this is why females are nt funny url
even counting on the feminisation of western societies as one of the causes of the spread of islam jihad at the same time their inherent unbearable contradiction with the rights of women and gays will ultimately be the main cause of the demise of the religionofpeace i hope
believing in and worshiping the creator alone simple logical natural this is islam atheism
lh wtf i am weak this girl retarded lmfao
yeah , i love it how a guy who was n't even on a presidential radar screen 2 years ago is now responsible for every .
single .
bad .
thing .
ever .
here 's a stupid man 's ( me ) thought for all the geniuses ( everyone other than me ) out there : do ya think that the present social climate is something years / decades in the making , rather than 2 years ?
stupid i know .
oh , you know who 's been in politics for 30 years ?
hillary rodham .
now if you 'll excuse me , i need to go grab another round of stupid juice .
zombie crabs ?
i 'm glad all of this is coming out .
this will turn men into gentlemen instead of pigs of power .
it helps keep me from killing guys who take advantage of my girls and do perverted things .
beware to young ladies who will do anything for drugs and a few drinks .
american ghetto trash is so determined to push the eroded we oppresed agenda that they appointed white rachel dolezar to be president of the naacp and uber white shaun king to be the face of the black lies matter scam swinglowersweetchariot
eat my ass fag
< user > sup you fuckin gay piece of shit
push like a man !
< user > please do not kill yourself 😔
" racism " is the current phony issue the marxists are using as a weapon against normal people .
the usual crowd of pro - abortion katholyks are gleefully going along with the marxist claptrap .
the most concrete and deadly manifestation of racism is the fact that abortion clinics kill black people at about three times their rate in the general population .
but you wo n't hear any of the katholyk marxist clerics including that among their " life issues . "
in all fairness , men do n't go to starbucks .
no , i like that you 're bi .
it 's hot !
i was hoping this was a retirement story .
thank god a filipino .
i have no sympathy for bigots who say a loving human - dolphin couple ca n't marry . #
tweet4taiji # shuttaijidown # tweet4dolphins # opkillingbay
< user > in < number > < percent > of interracial violent crime between whites and blacks was black on white you will not cover that but you will reach < number > years ago and pull out this < number > single white on black crime to lie by omission
let 's thank this fantastic jokes day hitler 's birthday .
nice .
columbine massacre .
nice .
jokes about weed .
nice .
let 's thank 20/4
no but whoever was meant to secure the leak is letting the whole team down for real
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
it is my usual policy to allow the discussion to flow without my input and to let my writing stand on its own feet .
but the amazing response to this artcle demands exception .
mr. lopresti and mr. espero , thank you for your outreach .
i will be in contact after the results of the election , so no one accuses you of " campaigning " on state property .
mr. johnson and lortz , please make those bumper stickers , i want one .
ms. ryan i appreciate your vote of confidance , but i do n't think mr. shea will appreciate another competitor in the d. 49 race .
mr. cox , mr. kaaihue , and mr. dubrall , your attitudes and assumptions about how i teach are extremely unfounded .
this implicit bias towards educators is a primary motivator in my writing .
my classroom is not a programming room where i strip lessons down to content or brainwash my students .
quite the opposite , they are required to express their own opinions and develop them into effective communication .
mahalo no ko oukou heluhelu ana
as i do so , this very very small woman glances up , glares at me , and says ' stupid ' .
why small lady ?
why are you calling me stupid ?
for that you 're catching additional charges of aggravated faggotry which carries the death penalty
bill clinton is worse than harvey weinstein ... and hillary knew about both .
great idea .
i know students who will benefit .
these funds could conceivably make the difference to kids who really want to succeed .
additionally , five years of brutal captivity was sufficient punishment , his attorneys said .
this is up there with the person that kills parents and asks for lenency because he is a orphan !
big u a g he not explaining himself to a weirdo who let 's other men play in his azz fuck outta here yo bitch ass the one got some explaining to do like y yo grown ass taking pics with the guy that supposed to have raped u u lying bitch
no , it is n't stop # assad chemical attacks .
it is fucking stop assad , end assad , stop sending money to assad , stop supplying arms to assad.#idlib
i guess i 've been doing a good enough job that a pua / mra site decided i was public enemy # 1 .
something to write home about ?
" morning highlight # geraldine_davys quotes stevejobs " " start with the customer experience & amp ; work backwards to the technology # ccomel # ccoforum "
< user > < user > all the refugee migration from the middle east is down to him and his mentor george w bush yet he is given a platform to peddle his poisonous ideas
i ate my wife alive !
she liked it and we 're both doing well , what did you expect , you pervert ?
yo a weak ass weak ass weak ass bitch
if you failed to get paid in your freshman year of college ( girls at their sluttiest ) get ready to ldar 
 you are fucked , except it and either live till you either away or end the pain .
the conservatives will have no choice .
like america had no choice last november .
why transgenders want us to accept them if they do n't even accept themselves .
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
punishment of god
nunes did not say that trump 's phones were tapped .
he said exactly the opposite of what you have desperately and erroneously concluded from this article . "
incidental " means that trump was recorded while talking persons who were under surveillance as part of a national security investigation .
telephone conversations have two or more parties .
if the phone of one of those parties is tapped , then everyone who is part of the conversation is recorded .
that 's what " incidental " means .
before you start mistakenly gloating , you might ask why trump is talking to people who are subjects of   fisa approved wire taps and what those conversation might reveal .
this is not good news for trump .
can y all dusty niggers engage i m bout to start following the yts bc at least they gimme some ❤
why do you think all the arabs want that piece of sand now when they could not be bothered with it before
so holocaust denial is now a crime in germany and the jews at aipac are now pushing for american laws that make it illegal to boycott israel then i say it is open season on jews once again fuck their shapeshifting perfidious seditious tribal destructive ways jewishfilth
what does a bisexual and jew have in common ?
they 'll do anything for money
@rearockinjays @nokseezy @nelayo_g when making love and the woman is on top ... she needs to spell coconut with her waist for the perfect woman - on - top 👌 🏽
i would like to not come here anymore 
 but you people are my only social interactions
yes , the $ 15 wage will definitely hit royal caribbean .
but they really are not that committed to our area anyway .
they do n't actually own that big fancy building that they are in .
they just lease it .
not the beautiful game .
that nigga needs to be popped in the head by a 50 cal .
>:(
president trump fulfills 2 more campaign promises .
here ’s what they are … https://t.co/vbos1vb13y https://t.co/jryvlx0rq6
my chinese dissident friend says that if anything claiming that white people are uniquely evil is itself a form of white supremacy do not think only whites can destroy the world and han chinese people can not he says he absolutely right
@grahamallen_1 @mileycyrus @ppfa keep talking about her dumb f!ck no one cares ! ! ! !
this campaign your shaming her for is for woman ! !
you dont own us ! !
step tf back ! ! !
one law put in place can shift an entire generation and we do n't wo n't your old agenda ! !
its our time pu$$ies !
paul , as a nonpartisan , i do n't see where there will be any good choices this fall and sanders is the worst of the bunch .
at least trump might create a job or three .
sanders has zip understanding of economics at a time when we really need a president who understands concepts like the business cycle .
which is not to say i 'm voting for trump .
i 've pretty much resolved to vote libertarian in protest for the partisan insanity of the two major parties .
he said he was going to build a wetback wall keep erupting sand niggers out that was ample reason to grudgingly accept the things i did not agree with like his jew snuggling he was the vastly superior choice to all the cucks let alone to cankles
if these young adults are that smart , they should be able to figure out how to pay for their own education .
this is what roy moore was up against : 

 ✔ false claims 
 ✔ being outspent 10 - 1 
 ✔ rnc ( pulled funding ) 
 ✔ gop leadership 
 ✔ senate republicans ( no one endorsed ) 
 ✔ liberal media 
 ✔ conservative media 
 ✔ alabama local media 
 ✔ alabama major newspapers 
 ✔ hollywood 

 .... and still lost by only 19,000 votes .
happy pride month , remember that trans women of color were at the forefront of the struggle and they still are
as a guy i realy do n't get we anyone would do that .
do you want kids with a woman you bearly know ?
do you want stds ?
besides the fact that is an absolute asshole behavior it is beyond stupid .
you 're right , the unborn women need to be kept away from extremists and maintain full bodily autonomy .
that 's a different person in there .
different genes .
it 's science , not religion .
not your fucking body .
​ people will take care of the babies , even if you are too much of a piece of shit to .
​ how many abortions have you had ?
how many babies have you had crushed up because you did n't want to cancel netflix and get your fat ass off the couch to take care of it ?
rt @yuuyaa0 : guys be going out every weekend and say they want a girl that does n't go out & # 128514 ; fucking hypocrites
the reason god made women for easily manipulated is so everybody could get laid
i see on the twitter summaries , ms. rampell has discovered h. l mencken .
here is one of his other quotes : 

 " i admit freely enough that , by careful breeding , supervision of environment and education , extending over many generations , it might be possible to make an appreciable improvement in the stock of the american negro , for example , but i must maintain that this enterprise would be a ridiculous waste of energy , for there is a high - caste white stock ready at hand , and it is inconceivable that the negro stock , however carefully it might be nurtured , could ever even remotely approach it .
the educated negro of today is a failure , not because he meets insuperable difficulties in life , but because he is a negro .
he is , in brief , a low - caste man , to the manner born , and he will remain inert and inefficient until fifty generations of him have lived in civilization .
and even then , the superior white race will be fifty generations ahead of him . "
the whole drink water cure all shit is fake i drink at least a gallon a day and have shit skin hair brain
so should the first nations feel shame for their tribe on tribe atrocities , perhaps the torture of white men and the jesuit ,   or do we keep the falsehood of the peaceful one with nature fantasy we describe today .
you go girls ! ! !
more men respect and support you than do n't ! ! !
we need to stop designating bathrooms male / female and instead designate them withpenis / withoutpenis
rumors and gossip abound .
i have no doubt those rumors were started by cities on the east coast .
amazon will make their decision based on whatever internal criteria they want .
all of the cities that put in proposals have benefits and disadvantages .
until they product a list of final contenders or announce a decision all everyone can do is wait .
who said there is no organized crime in hawaii .
stay in line or else !
< number > < number > being anti sjw far left feminazi is not the same as being a anti lbbt or sexist ellie being lgbt bothers insecure homophobes sexists or platform shill slaves downplaying the game hint look at the ppl who called kait a badass in gears5 but have a problem with ellie
nice .
now .. can we move ahead and get things done ?
what a fn lowlife !
his family must so proud !
i 'm sure his family will say he is a caring , giving and loving person always wanting to give to others .
hahaha , damn right he was a caring giving crap of a man .
he just waited to get paid off for his good deeds .
what a winner man .
sa post his picture ! !
his mama will be proud he made the front page
good grief is the bitch even remotely qualified
who 's your favourite celebrity with the first name " jack " ?
i 'd love to tell you all , but i ca n't because some retard activated a stupid bot that deletes every use of a very normal word .
@babatopenot @stefanmolyneux stefan is pathetic human garbage who just got owned , stop standing up for sewage and grow a vagina you weak nobody .
apparantly they still have some of the stadiums to finish and 350,000 tickets to sell ( they are normally gone within days of release ) .
a bitch want friends 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️
actually for your info , i have fucked women in the past , 3 times , then i realized what filthy fucking stupid animals they are and decided it 's best sticking to the hand .
feminists i am doing this womens march because trump is a misogynist that hires many women into leading roles in his business and hates illegal immigrants i am the resistance but let import as many islamic women oppressing refugees as we can cuz diversity
strong and aggressive union leaders and their resulting negotiated lucrative contracts for workers is what started the idea of increased globilization .
now the power is squarely with corporate america .
if unions push too hard , they will loose manufacturing plants / jobs which has been the trend since globilization started .
at opposite ends of the bs stick , we do n't need trump up here but i 'd like to see harper back
it 's to prepare us for his early release because his mom , who was so proud of him for stealing airplanes , is dying .
criminals should get some slack .....
" family - friendly hours " in practice   is code for   ' women can work fewer hours than men because they have domestic responsibilities ' .
comparing canada to the most successful economy in europe is as invalid as comparing canada to the u.s. 
 just because german companies can tolerate a shorter work day for mothers and make money does n't mean canadian companies can .
as it is canada is losing market share of its exports to the u.s. to other more competitive countries .
i do n't care if some gays somewhere get married .
what i care about is when this begins to affect my children .
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
this guy is a dick .
hoping to make it work , so nighty night to the states.&#128554 ; morning to the uk ! ! & #
128512 ; afternoon to @mintzemcdanno & # 128516 ; you all have a wonderful day ! & #
128521 ;
for school uniform collection last week , some people picked size 38 , 39 , 40 ... ... after the collection was over , my son was picking up .45 , .50 and .338 .
talking to a guy i 'm interested in about my ethnicity .
me : : i 'm black and filipino .
him : : ohh , your filipino , that 's why your so cute .
i felt like being an black woman was n't attractive , and he seemed to justify his interest in me by claiming that it 's my filipino side that got to him , even though i do n't outwardly have filipino features ..   age 22 , summer , ucla / westwood .
how do you win a war against trannies ?
pull out the biology books .
i 'd leave you bruised broken and crying .
tie you up and beat you before filling your pussy full of cum .
that 's cute .
i use cunt as a gender neutral insult .
you can be a man or a woman or whatever , i do nt give a fuck , but i will call you a cunt , just like i will call you a dick , it makes no fucking difference
a strong field of low achieving lifetime political hacks
can you move these chairs so i can sit down with my friend and eat ?
i need a girl to suck my clit and finger my wet pussy 💦 💦 💦 url
i 'm sorry to hear this .
i think they should stay in the south .
not sure how well collards and grits will go over out here .
if a man had to gain 40lbs in his ankles / boobs , leak from said boobs , barf x4 months , perform cirque du soleil level moves to wipe his ass , then explode a baby out of his dick , abortions would be legal af in all states well after 6 wks into pregnancy .
change .
my .
fucking .
mind .
< user > this is the feminazi agenda emasculation this is why being a man is considered a crime they would rather see guys dressed in skinny jeans sipping lattes than real men with callouses on their hands changing a tire
donald trump a trump administration will end this nightmare of violence that going on all over our country
it 's over 
 just your daily reminder that its over
god of course i love trans girls 😍
“ too much capitalism does not mean too many capitalists , but too few capitalists . ” - #
chesterton 

 we are passively witnessing an ever accelerating concentration of wealth and power that is going to do us in .
nofap is my last opportunity 
 i have 10 days of nofap , if nofap do nt fix my thinning hair crown and some other problems that i have .. it 's over , i will just accept it
( i was trying to get off a crowded bus . )
cisgender male 1 : : hey , let the man through !
cisgender male 2 : : i think it 's a chick .
cisgender male 1 : : aw , sorry hen .
on a bus in edinburgh .
i was disgusted by the sexism evident in their change of tone , and also completely disheartenned as a transgender male .
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
the biggest homophobes are always the first to suck truck stop dick .
< user > if you voted labour you would ’ ve voted for the uks kids to be raped and county lined by islam tho
it 's like watching a train wreck happening in slow motion .
i know i should n't watch but i ca n't help myself .
hmm , not sure i buy this ruling .
was the judge appointed by liberals ?
stop fucking publishing april fool 's content before april 1st .
your brand is n't benefiting , you just look fucking thirsty .
big gift for this # maheshbabufansday from # mb23 team spyder title registered officially for # mb23 spyder fix ayindi pilla fans now & # 127939;&#127939;&#127939 ;
stray kids chaotically gay
love thy neighbor : - thy homeless neighbor - thy gay neighbor - thy muslim neighbor - thy black neighbor - thy immigrant neighbor - thy jewish neighbor - thy addicted neighbor - thy christian neighbor - thy atheist neighbor - thy disabled neighbor
that actor speaks so well !
self loathing beta males become feminist to get their only chance at a hand job from a fat dyke who hates herself enough to give one to a gender she self proclaims she hates ugly fat ugly
bitchs stay running they mouth lmao y' all look so stupid
penultimate 

 a breath before surfacing 
 clinch , stiffen , pray 
 melting deep blue 
 stunning relaxation 
 quietly rejoining the sea
< user > islamophobia is not just in the mind islamist extremists are for real these are hardened moderate muslims
well if you are caught weaving in and out of traffic heading towards another car , or are speeding and cause injuries or is going to fast in bad weather and get caught ,   guess what ...... reckless driving citation .
if injuries or death occur , vehicular manslaughter or assault with a weapon charges ...     key is they have to get caught .
maybe now because miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
putting aside the fact that she 's a kelantanese , i think there 's a more acceptable way for you to vent out your anger .
beating up a person while recording it and posting it on social media just to humiliate the man is so uncivilised .
" useless piece of gay shit " would match better .
that 's because she is a man
you comment does nt make sense if you look at a map , there is virtually no country that needs to go through ukraine , especially not iraq .
even russia is trying to build another pipeline under the baltic sea so they do nt need to go through ukraine , poland etc ..
it 's time to jump into the market with both feet .
with the dow down almost 204 points , the nasdaq 135 , and the s&p 35 .
a clairvoyant would mortgage his home for this opportunity .
as you said trump has a rock solid stock market going .
with his economic policies he is a sure winner .
you can become a billionaire .
no more deductible to worry about .
< user > another white guy criticizing an african american for thinking for himself
remember when subscribing to a youtube channel meant you got their videos in your sub feed now you have to click this retarded bell or else youtube will curate videos out of your sub feed without your permission
the worst part of losing net neutrality [ please pay $ 3.99 to access this content ]
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
joe cumia is a faggot and a coward , just like his brother and just like his father .
bunch of limpdicks .
@sushmaswaraj @narendramodi this guy is a surgeon .
remember " education " will solve this bigotry .
the ignorance of brainwashing and the fantasies of jannat ca n't be fixed by quran in one hand and computer in the other .
url
durr stupid everyone throughout all of human existence .
i 'm so much smarter than them .
no one should ever die for a cause ever .
i hate jesus .
i guess bradley manning really is a woman i mean , how else could he fuck up killing himself ?
" she text me " " i hate you , i hate you , i hate you , i hate you " " but how the fuck can you hate me?&#129335;&#127995;‍ ♂ ️&#128524 ; "
i 'm a thumbs up , pissed off when you ( of all over my time where rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
i promise you i will not let another nigga know shit about me ever again this nigga really throwing when i got raped in my face because it do not make sense to him get raped and see if it make sense to you too
it 's literally estrogen .
if you go to a doctor and tell them you want a sex change they will give you estrogen pills .
why do you think that is ?
what do you think estrogen does ?
are you really pretending you do n't notice how soft this next generation is ?
is that reality ?
how many guys that you grew up with cut their dicks off ?
i 'm gon na bet none , but now it 's becoming commonplace .
​ gee , i wonder what these kids are ingesting that we did n't .
oh look , fucking soy everywhere being pushed by everyone .
let 's see ... what is soy .
oh , it 's literally fucking e s t r o g e n
being transphobic is n't cool or edgy .
just makes you a dick .
tell me more about the religionofpeace aka islam ibrahim sulaiman jihad is not inhumane despite its necessary violence and bloodshed its ultimate desire is peace which is protected and enhanced by the rule of law
trade free follows ?
i have 320 320 x 320 or less i can go first for extras tweet me on @crytrading & # 128151 ; & # 128151 ;
hey i can say racial slurs on here nigger kike spic wop coon heeb sandnigger jew faggot homo your mom
becky ai nt a man she s a worthless cunt
banning weev for making an observation is not supporting first amendment rights even if it were a call to violence as you said which it obviously was not in that context it was protected under 1 a we have linked you ppl brandenburg v ohio < number > million times
i got acid in my eyes white bitch in my ride
routes 7 70 72 272 283 are back to line of route following earlier road traffic collision on du cane road w12 .
fuck the fat jewish
maybe men should keep their nasty dicks in their fucking pants then , fucking whores .
i was sitting next to some really hot thai girl on the bus today .
all i could think to myself was , 
 " do n't get an erection , do n't get an erection ! "
but she did .
so what was your fap material today 
 just curious , neeed ideas :)))
how does every black joke start ?
by looking over your shoulder .
< user > lol not surprised at all he will have to wait until after the election if he wins to bring in jihadi jack
then why do we have hentai ?
checkmate atheists
going to school is far preferable to sitting in my room and rotting 
 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫
@jaisekharnair @kthopkins @shefvaidya because the whole migration thing was planned long ago by albert pike and continued by our nwo lovers , that need conflict as a pre - setter of taking over total control .
the whole migartion thing did not come naturally .
i wonder what those migrants were being told .
in actual fact this debate has been going on for decades .
in reality , the american companies have a legitimate beef .
the stumpage fees in canada are not what the american producers have to pay .
it would be much better if canada had gradually increased stumpage fees to defuse this argument .
each province could adopt a stumpage fee similar to that of producers in the bordering states directly south of them .
increased stumpage fees would have increased government revenue which could hopefully have been put to some good in canada .
increased stumpage was never implemented because it would ' cripple ' the canadian lumber industry .
as it is , countervailing duties imposed by the usa will cause the same hardships in the canadian lumber industry but all the revenue lines the coffers of the us government .
we sign trade agreements , but somehow we do not expect the americans to enforce the terms ?
let 's get real here .
probably islam , its oppressive nature makes any atheist in the middle east get killed / jailed , as thier followers breed like rabbit ( not all of them tho ) , i think it will die by the death of humanity by global warming
the anti 's frivolous protest did not cause construction costs by over $ 2b.
men should n't be allowed to write about women 's sexual assault .
they almost never have the first idea what they 're talking about .
as here .
republicans are such predictable hypocrites .
you can safely bet that whatever they are obsessed with and accusing the other side of doing is what they are actually doing .
( … private emails ?
check . )
take rep. tim murphy ( r - pa ) , for example .
rep. murphy is a fine , upstanding republican with a wife and a mistress .
good red - blooded guy , who is now implicated in his girlfriend 's divorce .
in texts produced in connection with court proceedings , a possible pregnancy , became something to ' manage ' when murphy and his lady friend shannon edwards thought she might be pregnant .
" and you have zero issue posting your pro - life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week " shannon edwards wrote .
murphy answered her , writing , " i get what you say about my march for life messages .
i 've never written them .
staff does them .
i read them and winced .
i told staff do n't write any more .
i will . "
how long can it be before we find out mcconnell is transgender ?
via @nytimes having a positive attitude will make you a better problem solver # earthoptimism https://t.co/0rih5ur9vr
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
she is a fat smelly cunt
active kindly follow whoever likes and retweets this post 🐐
ok -- so consistency has never been his strong suit ...
and is a black man still only 3/5ths of a person ? ? ? ?
who elected you judge ?
congratulations to you for bjp win .... now s400,rafale , chinook and apache will rock indian defense
i d like to hear from anyone who believes they understand the big picture as to why all these beautiful white countries are letting sand niggers through the gates like rabid apes
one of the cornerstones of the rule of law is that it applies to everyone : you , me and the most powerful in the country .
when a duly convicted police chief ( or an ex - president who has n't yet been charged ) is pardoned , the rule of law suffers , as does american democracy .
< user > ‍ always has thought provoking quotes but he usually more likely to reply to a kike than me notice me senpai
i know what you are getting at and yes a part of it is definitely immigrants from countries with different and backwards cultures who are not intergrating and whose number is too larged to be properly absorbed by the country
indira gandhi was shithole pm coz i never like gadhi n nehru n then there family ...... but u guys believe or not ur khalsa ji that time guru had guns in golden temole n he says it 's for sarety purpose ....... he is surely doing terrorism this was the truth n this will be truth ..... i do n't want to do fight but i feel for those ppls , sikhs or khalistani who died coz of few persns who try to do terrorism in india
seeing as how she was n't attacked by the homeless guy , i 'm not sure what your point is .
arguably , based on the catholic definition of sin , the answer is that voting for a particular politician could be a sin .
ii .
the definition of sin 
 1849 sin is an offense against reason , truth , and right conscience ; it is failure in genuine love for god and neighbor caused by a perverse attachment to certain goods .
it wounds the nature of man and injures human solidarity .
it has been defined as " an utterance , a deed , or a desire contrary to the eternal law .
"121 

 equally arguably , depending on your own values and beliefs on reason , truth and right conscience ,   voting for mr trump , secretary clinton or mr duke , could be a sin .
the decision this year is between a boorish undisciplined man with frat house language , and a lying woman   whose documented actions are far worse than anything anyone has said .
which vote is actually a mortal sin wo n't be known by us until we are discussing with st peter what we did on earth to justify getting into heaven .
" shut that cunt 's mouth before i come fuck - start her head ! "
nope disgusted muted keep your kike smut to yourself
mfw < allcaps > ¯\_(ツ ) _ / ¯ having first child with wife .
go to dr with wife for ultrasound .
dr is scanning around .
< repeat > asking what everything is .
< repeat > " so , doc , what gender is it ? " "
we do n't know anon we have to wait until xir identifies itself as . " "
xir might not even be human .
we also have to wait until xir identifies which species it is too . "
couple months later .
< repeat > trans gender / trans species doctor is delivering baby .
hours later baby comes out .
notice penis .
i scream , " it 's a boy ! "
getting smug looks from all around .
get thrown out of hospital .
wife divorces me because i ' m a sexist , gender assuming scumbag .
in divorce court .
< repeat > told i have to pay alimony and child support but do n't get to see my child at all because i might corrupt xir .
ten years later .
< repeat > finally got to see my child .
xir identifies itself as a human boy .
mfw < allcaps > ¯\\\_(ツ ) _ / ¯
the last thing i wanna do is get off work too a nigga with a attitude
we have a little piece of legislation called the prohibition of foreign military assistance act this prohibits mercs from operating in south africa .
on pain of five years of hell in a kaffer jail .
you spelled women wrong .
women * and buttpumpers are getting reconfigured to be more attractive
she a dyke and i am a femme it a synonym
if the operation to remove your tonsils is called a tonsillectomy , then what is the name of the operation for a female do male sex change ?
addadictomy
trump as king of israel is entirely appropriate an ethnostate ought to have a racist and nazi sympathiser as a monarch
yes , what can we do as citizens ?
i love false bay and want to help in any way .
oh i am not triggered i am actualy laughing my ass off at a retard like you such a pathetic christian you can not grasp your head around gravity wells or how an atmosphere is confined to that gravity well or even how particle physics work within a gravity well
went to my first pride this year but left my straight boyfriend at home and went with some other queer friends .
there were actually so many bi pride flags that i 'm bringing him next year 😊
specifically , the house majority caucus ...
@fightlucifer @montagnatony add coal burner , and married to a cuck to your bio , you nasty , simian dna sucking thot .
@charlesmblow can we stop with the race baiting .
this is not a race problem it is a society problem .
we have mass shootings , we have drive by shootings , we have gang shootings .
all of this is a problem .
what we need is parents start being parents and stop with it 's a race problem .
do n't confuse us with facts , we have issues .
if you think every man is a rapist , but if he puts on a dress your daughter is perfectly safe with him in a locker room , you may be a progressive .
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
i am fucking done with this bitch
where is the outrage against trump and all this " just locker room talk , it 's just how men talk " nonsense for lumping all men together as a bunch of lecherous sexual predators ?
+ hotty tasha do n't fool yourself we gon na tie the series , win in 6 , and send that tall lightskin lanky african back to greece
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
" " " there are those days when it 's hard to put one foot in front of the other , but those are the days when champions are created " " mcnally "
@kreider_jan @kimguilfoyle everything is about color these days and with these people .
only a liberal mind like that from steinhem can balance her 60 's feminism with the cultural misogyny being imported into her country under the banner of anti - racism , and profess her liberal acceptance of it .
hey , all it took was a few smooth - talking , charismatic , handsome ( but stupid ) liberal males like obama or trudeau and women like steinhem instantly swoon and throw their liberal feminist logic into a fatal tailspin of blatant contradiction .
* hoes that are n't mad
you 're a boy !
boys do n't cry !
do you want people to think you 're a girl .
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
rt @tegustaaa : if you suppose to be a man , don&#8217;t be a bitch .
< user > no its gay
# happybdaydanielfromph your name should be spelled as dayniel cause you make my day a lot better ❤ ❤ ❤ ( sorry jonah ily ) @seaveydaniel
perhaps if the freakin coach let them play , then maybe they can stop thinking and play ball . #
gamecocks # ncaamarchmadness
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
she is gay
what 's the difference between a trap and a feminist ?
a trap does something when triggered .
do madam cj walker(first female african american millionare ) vs oprah winfrey(first femaleafrican american entrepreneur billionaire )
baiting bears is usually allowed in areas where the understory is so thick that you would walk right past a bear and not see it .
proper hunting ?
how about using bait for halibut ?
still a bait station .
spears or arrows are archaic for hunting , yes .
both require more real ' hunting ' skill than a firearm .
the hunter has to be closer , more opportunity for the prey to smell or see the hunter .
other than snares or deadfalls , clubs or spears are some of the basic , traditional hunter tools .
a whole lot more sporting than sitting 200 to 400 yards away and shooting a firearm .
the bambi lovers are going to hate anything to do with hunting or killing wild animals .
who cares , i do n't but remember , very few people would have even known about this spear guy if he had not been so stupid and posted on the ' unsocial ' , social media !
i do wonder just how many of the anti hunters approve of abortion though ?
that 's right you inferior fag bitch ... he 's your alpha daddy and your hole is his property ... url
@judgejules75 @forwomenscot @victoriapeckham @miss_leeze @gordon_struth @mumofc @redqueenrising @maitlis @scotgov in the uk a male doctor is required to have a female chaperone when carrying out intimate examinations .
this too is been disregarded by some males who i d as transwomen .
it disregards female patients protections , consent issues , safeguards & best practice .
url
please allow black womxn writers mourn and grieve before asking us to write essays on how toni impacted us url
< user > < user > < user > smollet claimed two white men assaulted him tawana brawley claimed white men raped her this girl said and her story was reported that three young men all white attacked her all of these were lies and those lied about were white that the racism
plug your ass and keep it plugged ! !
fuck your pussy ... unplug your ass fill it with cum and plug it again ... repeat and then send you back with all that cum inside your ass ! !
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
man are your dense or what ?
reading between the lines is the same as believing in the anti - gun boogyman in the woodpile .
the boogyman in the woodpile is the nra feeding you its crap .
congrats .
you have my vote .
yes all men disappoint eventually .
niggas beige and brown adjacent talkin about some brown skin girl challenge bitch sit
same !
this is so rad !
getting some women on coins !
@demonica hellspawn so because they are not white , we should treat them like the dirty brown garbage you think they are ? ...
how do you sleep at night ?
do you live in mississippi ?
the naval personnel on the uss pueblo were imprisoned by north korea under president lyndon johnson .
two us military officers were killed with axes by north korean under president gerald ford .
this is what happens when you leave for work # cuck .
your # hung husband fucks me with his # bigdick til he cums and pushes it in my big round # ass .
know you 'll see this and be beating your little dick watching me satisfy your man 😈 # me # mine # thattopass # simbapup # gaycheating url
tds < number > i do not think i have heard such retarded bullshit since < number >
judge gorsuch might be a man who thinks for himself and who cares about protecting his children from sexual abuse by catholic clergy .
even though his mother was a strong irish - american catholic , from what i read about her , she was also very concerned that children be protected from sexual abuse .
the fact that the judge was raised catholic , and now has chosen to be a member of the episcopal church , makes me hope that he has learned of the ruthless tactics of the catholic bishops in hiring lawyers that will do their bidding , so that they can continue to protect their predator clergy , and demoralize victims and their lawyers .
sincerely ,    dr rosemary eileen mchugh , md , mspir
oh hey it nigger dick hi nigger dick you still sharing your expertise on all things nigger dick with all of gab nice see ya around nigger dick
still doing the q&amp;a this week .
i 'm gon na be doing it in school so send me questions using # askzuqqo & # 129304;&#127997 ;
bamiyan ?
after all asoka   the man who built it was known for sealing his victims into its walls ...... alive 

 surely the   taliban were right to destroy it for that reason alone
@derrick martin not all derick we are just going to deport anti american liberal idiots like you !
as far as who gets to decide ?
that would be the side that has all the guns .
buy buy snowflake !
fuck off stupidpol faggot
so yes i do see the political landscape stormfags who spout jew shit are just as damaging to the solution as fucking sjw faggots are
true organized religion are cancer
has stupid rich hoe
lucas ' attitude is just a no .
hype for no damn reason .
and this alpha male title he keeps using to justify his actions & # 128529 ; # bkchatldn
nah those loser fucks needs to be bullied until they off themselves .
same ole shit , loser white dude who ca n't get a job or pussy
@tmz misleading and purposely inflammatory headline .
so , if white supremacists appropriated likeness of the american bald eagle , anyone associated with that likeness would be a white supremacist ?
you 're peddling garbage !
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
lol i think he deleted that reply tweet
perhaps if the freakin coach let them play , then maybe they can stop thinking and play ball . #
gamecocks # ncaamarchmadness
" @concealedtrust @countessswan + body into the space between the two blondes . ] " "
i would really love to get to know more about them so i ~~ "
if the eu is so great and perfect , why are they so desperately trying to cling onto the uk .
the eu leaders are playing childish games , trying to undermine the process , being defensive and hurling insults .
i see that as a sign of someone who is staring at reality and knows the jig is up .
running from his bitch he gon come when i call
you ca nt say black but you can say white , double standards .
would be interested in seeing your source for this statement .
are you including the occupied territories in your statement or not ?
also not sure you get the idea about jihad being a religious commandment to kill .
you might be twisting the reading of the koran to suit   your purposes .
what 's the worst type of wish you can get .
the type from a foundation .
bunch of faggots .
stop mentioning queen .
freddy mercury was an actual faggot but you two are bigger faggots than him .
lol trump is a fascist trump proves that he himself is a fascist with his every aktion word just look at his muslim ban not good
" proud " boys are really just a bunch of gay boys .
too funny .
that man 's a moron
you 're reading the verses wrong , and also i 've interacted with you enough over the past few months to know that you 're a raging homophobe and not worth my time .
the facts do nt matter to the kid he just loves to post here for some reason .
trying to reason with him is a waste of time he uses the same canned responses no matter what the topic .
best to ignore his comments .
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
i 'm glad for that interception , it won the game , despite the efforts of # 26 to lose it for denver .
denver should trade him to the little sister of the poor for $ 10.00 and a future draft choice .
there were these three girls : snowflake , raindrop , and cinderblock .
well , one day snowflake was feeling a little curious so she went up to her mom and asked , " mom , why did you name me snowflake ? "
and her mom said " well , when you were born we came outside of the hospital and a snowflake fell on your nose . "
the next day raindrop was a little curious so she went up to her mom and aske , " mom , why did you name me raindrop ? "
and her mom said , " well , when you were born we came outside the hospital and a raindrop fell on your nose . "
then the next day cinderblock came up to her mom and said , " dur < elong > ﻿
nor : immortal , gorgoroth , ancient , emperor , einherjer , thorns swe : naglfar , bathory , setherial , dawn , in aeternum , sacramentum fin : impaled nazarene , argath , demon child never liked darkthrone or burzum ( interesting story there ..
with mandel and carter this bunch is trying to sell themselves as " centrists " .
is this a joke or for real ?
" see thts how some of yal get " " hoes " " yal sell em a great dream ✨ ✨ damn near like yal already w / each other ... all i can is be honest w / you "
there is no diversity .
just conforming to another 's culture .
no , it is not punishment by definition , since it does not meet the definition .
i will not respond to additional repetitions of this erroneous assertion .
life is tough , christians are called to hardship and sacrifice , and god demands that we obey his commandments .
jesus was obedient to the point of death .
if these facts create faith problems for you , you have bigger issues to address than the cardinals ' letter .
fuck ya face , then suck ya tits while i m balls deep in you
exactly who is ' not allowed ' to say that ?
and exactly what stops someone saying that ?
that 's right - nobody and nothing .
balderdash , l4 .
lol still thinking about the nazi hunter busting out the long swords after like two days of quarantine this shit is gon na get wild
maybe so , maybe so ... but our internet is not censored ( yet . )
all you really need fibre - optic , super duper high speed for is to stream video .
i will be first to admit that it would be nice to have , of course .
grasshopper , i am guessing you are male , because as an older female , the people that " act stupid " and get in my personal space are very threatening to me .
# 1 : hidden figures [ blu - ray ] : hidden figures [ blu - ray ] taraji p. henson ( actor ) , janelle monae … https://t.co/brow8fgv72 # drama # bluray
yeah that one was special he got really mad at people that called him out on it too it a common kike tactic that the ragheads picked up on too
what does " advocating for a society mirroring christ 's ideals " mean to you ?
that sounds like pushing for a theocracy to me , but i do n't think that 's what you meant .
to me , the giving back anecdotes * are * churches trying to change society .
what a coward of a man .
sad .
if the entire bible is infallible , and people are able to cherry pick as they please ; why do n't we still stone people who grow more than one crop in the same field or wear clothing made from more than one fiber , or disown the decedents of a child born out of wedlock for 14 generations ?
people cherry pick verses to support their pet hatreds and bigotry .
i have no respect for people who use the bible in such a dishonest , vicious , and idiotic way .
and a politician who does so while approving of legislation that strips healthcare from poor men , women , children , seniors , and the disabled is especially heinous and vile !
as a meta - level point , i hope everyone agrees that an invalid argument for a true conclusion is still a bad argument .
i know its hard being queer in the lgbt community generally so positive vibes for everyone ☆ ♡ ☆
we need more " deep throats " .
transparency is critical to the survival of the republic .
nofap is my last opportunity 
 i have 10 days of nofap , if nofap do nt fix my thinning hair crown and some other problems that i have .. it 's over , i will just accept it
he sounds like a tranny
gardner 's senate votes benefit roughly 5 % of the people in this state .
bennet 's votes generally defend the other 95 % .
this is n't rocket science .
are you one of those " local milk people " that our brain dead potus is concerned about ?
ps : do n't ask me .
ask him .
baffling transcripts coming out of the white house .
lucas ' attitude is just a no .
hype for no damn reason .
and this alpha male title he keeps using to justify his actions & # 128529 ; # bkchatldn
you seriously believe that ?
we do n't stone women for being raped , we do n't throw gays off buildings for being gay , women do not need permission from their male relatives to go out , and we do n't cut off women 's clits so they ca n't experience sexual pleasure .
tis comment is laughable and ridiculous , and wrong .
that 's the thing , most guys do just wanna get laid but not rape anyone .
why no mention of collins hair and eye color ?
some apps have literally released data that shows the percentage of women getting swiped vs men .
you ca n't just lump everything you do n't agree with as " incel shit . "
i am not disagreeing with your version but do not you think that backing off of jewz mudslimes looks awfully suspicious in light of what going on today i do
rough and hard .
gangbang the bitch .
fill every hole to the brim with cock
ha .
ha .
maybe next he 'll " throw out a tweet " insulting some international leader who is as unstable as he is , and start a nuclear war .
it 's so fun when your next president is an emotionally fragile looney tune with extreme mood swings and zero self - control .
kids and incels use the term " thot " to refer to women ( especially unattainable ones way above their grade ) negatively .
it 's short for " that ho over there " , and is the hallmark of great genius on the part of the user .
5 kids with 3 wives makes you a patriot now ?
and you all say gays have ruined the sanctity of marriage .
as well as the scientific community , the world health organization , and anyone who 's done even the slightest amount of research into what gender identity is .
knowing that gender identity exists on spectrum is really not that complicated , or new .
the frenzied vancouver environmental movement does n't care about the pms climate plan and would n't care even if it were more ambitious than harper 's , which it scarcely is .
their intention is solely compliance with their ideology , one that sees canada , with only 1.6 ℅ of annual world ghg emissions , as disproportionately responsible for anthropogenic climate change .
canada is simply an easy mark for these militants .
the usa , with some 15 to 20 ℅ of world ghg production ,    has built thousands of miles of pipeline , dramatically increased its o+g production , is shipping crude offshore and has even approved utah 's asphalt ridge heavy oil project .
america however , is a much tougher opponent .
trudeau made the right choice .
i hope he has the spine to stand up to   these activists .
how about a story on gosnell .
to me it seems that when politics gets in the way of good policing , things like this happen .
can you imagine ... they did n't want to report on that story because it would blow up the homicide numbers and they did n't want that to happen .
crazy man .
he does n't go far enough .
if you ejaculate outside of a vagina , you murder millions of potential humans .
you should be killed a million times for that .
that 's how pro - life i am .
when i was a younger man and drank alcohol i did stupid things .
so i stopped drinking .
in the ensuing almost 30 years i have seen good , intelligent people of both sexes do bad , stupid things under the influence .
i hear the term " rape culture " used to describe university campuses .
i would suggest the proper term should be " alcohol culture " .
in addition , i helped some female friends(wing chun students ) teach a self - defence course for women .
we taught them that the world can be a dangerous place and that the best way of staying safe is to be aware .
hard to be aware when you are staggering drunk .
yo why some old white guy start coming at me at the gas station cause my music is ghetto 😭 nigga said this is not the ghetto go somewhere else guy stfu once i said he looked broke tho
kelly khumalo is the definition of a strong black woman .
but even strong people get tired too .
people are so mean , they do n't care about how what they say to other people affects them .
i honestly worry about her mental health .
this is heartbreaking .
😣
37 my ass fuckin faggot
mutilate my cock
ukwon : [ singing , but the camera is nt centred on him ] me : where he at bitch
beware i 'm running on nothing but dirty thoughts and sarcasm today ... work is going to be a fucking hoot
hopefully trump is able to exercise the demons fomenting all this violence propaganda and it ll all pass fairly non violently the narcocracy is acting out of fear which is why their moves are so sloppy and over the top draintheswamp
and the alternative is just as imaginary : a us where you can create the perfect society if you just keep demonizing and silencing the " white middle class male " and anyone you disagree with , and import millions of " brown people " to replace them demographically .
suck out you faggot
bitches be acting like niggas niggas be acting like bitches bitches be loving these niggas
grow up .
did you think because of your beliefs and nationality , that you would be immune from backlash .
every time you open your mouth is an opportunity to hate you and your ideas .
if you can't stand the heat .
get the fuck out of the kitchen .
god damn piece of shit
who are these people and corporations that think they are more important and knowledgeable than their fellow americans ?
in a recent poll , 60 % of americans were ok with the new order , 30 % were against it and 10 % were undecided .
sounds like even more americans are ok with the order than even the number who selected trump as their new president .
but i guess apple knows better than at least 60 % of americans , what is good for them .
you really do make me laugh .
i 'm positive you wrote " i 'm surprised you even know who upton sinclair is . "
because you are convinced that you are an intellectual superior .
you waste words making a simple point all of the time , so you have deceived yourself into thinking you know more than i do .
everyone knows upton sinclair started the oil company back at the turn of the last century .
i think it was in poor taste to paint those signs because on the service it 's written to look like a racist white person wrote it .
i mean , thinking a colored or mixed race person painted it was the farthest thing from my mind .
and then the house for sale sign too ?
what 's really going on man ?
are you trying to stir shit up in our community ?
what was your point ?
you do know that the black lives matter movement was classified as a terrorist organization after the shit that went down in dallas ?
this makes me want to gay bash myself .
i do n’t think i did so well on my heath test ... is hepatitis c a passing grade ?
man being in la fucking with them white folk got you on all the drugs
reasons i 'm glad i am not liberal -- i do n't have to pretend that : 

 1.oprah is inspiring 
 2.chelsea is smart / pretty 
 3.hillary even once by accident did a good job at anything 
 4.hollywood / media is correct about anything 
 5.bj clinton is a statesman ( ditto : obama / w / carter ) 
 6.there are more than 2 sexes .

the age class distribution of the pine - spruce - fir stands in the mountain parks is   very skewed to the older , over mature , decay dominated age classes .
this situation is detrimental for several reasons . :
firstly , these stands produce large amounts of   co2 in respiration , often more than they consume in photosynthesis , leading to net positive co2 balance .
further , these stands , which nature would have replaced via pyral ( fire ) driven processes are effectively biological deserts , with little understory vegetation for ungulates like moose , deer , elk to forage on .
further still , as these stands age they build up unhealthy amounts of decayed woody fuel in their understory so that when fire occurs , it is devastatingly hot and destructive often leading to volatilization of such micro nutrients as boron , manganese etc .
even further , the pine species in these produce serotinous cones which require fire to unleash their seeds .
fire in these stands is not destructive , it is regenerative .
who are the jackasses that are voting for moulin rouge over # todiefor what is wrong with you ?
support # todiefor ! ! #
kidmanworldcup
really ?
i must have missed that dogmatic teaching on " pro immigrant " , whatever that means ; apples and oranges .
btw , st. thomas wrote beautifully on the evils of open borders .
" waheapost , " your attempt at humor fails .
fuck you i 'm a grown ass man who has seen more shit than , again , 99 % of you fucking privileged incel fucks .
get out of here .
our world is ending and you will burn in hell .
kremlin - backed bank contradicts kushner 's explanation for december meeting
if the operation to remove your tonsils is called a tonsillectomy , then what is the name of the operation for a female do male sex change ?
addadictomy
their frustration and indignation is all for show , my friend
you know black people attend heritage days as well , right ?
and asian families .
and first nations people .
and punjabi people .
they all get to experience different cultures .
white people are n't the only ones who spend money there .
# castrate and # deport @illegals who kill .
no matter what the job is there is gon na be bad apples , and they are the ones who make the news .
no one cares when guys spend there own time and money to go play with the kids in the low income areas to try and build those relationships .
law society investigator curtis smith an old white man wrote in his notes that i tweeted squaw and nigger about < number > times
jews are not white
well we do not live in such a society and no your car should not be able to fucking stop working if it hears you use a racial slur that retarded
note how quickly the left wing hate media site nbc goes to bashing white people and citing far left hate group splc in reaction to an armenian act of violence
< user > here one of your more shining comments from < number > some are still pretending like the recent muh dikings are specific to the sandnigs who have only just arrived when will you white supremacists realize you are sjw in white face maga blmkklarazasjwallthesame trump
i may still be pubertal 
 i have noticed my shoulders have broadened a little in the last year , hopefully my dick will increase in size
glad to hear it , it 's long over due .
" rt @myunwrittensoul : " " i do n't need your explanations .
i do n't need your fucking lies . " " "
it would appear that many legislators think their primary function is to find ways to give opm ( other people 's money ) to deserving groups .
there are a lot of deserving groups / individuals , students with debt being one of them .
however it seems that our representatives should be focused on how to use the current state income to cover existing programs , not new ways to give more away .
if compromises can be found to cover costs of potentially new spending like this , why ca n't those same compromises be used to fund existing programs without new taxes ?
are there any slavs that have black or darker hair color ? ? ?
last year at pride , when black lives matters accused the entire lgbt community of toronto of being   nothing but oppressor class racists , did the globe , cbc or star   stand up in   defence of the gay community who have traditionally been open and accepting of all people .
did any politician ( wynne , trudeau , wong tam , tory ) speak against the sweeping slander of blm ?
no of course not .
they all tacitly agreed with blm by refusing to refute the allegations .
in white man 's media , white man is always guilty .
appropriations just one more sin   we carry in our souls .
friday evening , after the triumphant vote , kristyn wong tam tweeted 
 " for 7 hours , i listened to mostly straight , white men who 've never been to pride talk about what pride meant to them , i deserve ice cream . ”
she unapologetically hates the white straight men of city council , even mayor tory , despite them supporting the funding to blm pride .
genius level iq and " she black "
i 'm bi , but i 've never dated a woman .
i 've had one relationship , with my current partner of nearly 4 years ( male ) .
hell yes i 'm still going to pride this year !
you are valid <3
republicans have said for at least seven years they are going to repeal obamacare .
democrats would n't defend obamacare in the last election , but now they 're suddenly for it .
good advice .
however given the mass invasion of western europe by muslims , it will probably 
 not be a good time from now on to visit .
if you do you will have to have you spidey sense up 
 full on and should carry a cane / walking stick or knife just in case .
bombs and suicide bombers or 
 trucks , vans , cars being driven by jihadi 's   are harder to defend against .
might be a good time to 
 visit some eastern european countries where they are keeping out the muslim hordes .
it 's not a straw man .
my point is that your statement that people have a right not to feel threatened just does n't fly .
people 's feelings are their business .
on the other hand , if somebody actually is being threatened , rather than just feeling threatened , that is a matter of public concern .
i also do n't agree that the black students do n't have objectively reasonable grounds to believe they are being threatened .
they have a fellow ( white ) student who posted   " images that included nooses drawn around the necks of a black student and coach " .
that particular student and coach are directly threatened ; it is not unreasonable to extrapolate the threat to all black people at that school .
anujsx75 thanks for sharing the details .
however , we would request you to delete the same & amp ; dm us for privacy purposes . -
kevin
great article but apparently the truth is not okay .
just google it .
the truth will get you fired .
google finds itself defending the ridiculously intellectually inconsistent positions that : 
 1 ) women are the same as men 
 2 ) diversity is essential to their business success because women are not the same as men .
liberals are insane !
so , would you be willing to propose a claw back of previously purchased time , or maybe sending invoices to the affected employees or retirees for the full actuarial cost .
there has been bellyaching about the bill owens service credit fire sale for about 15 years .
is it time to do something about it ?
christian 's do nt shoot up your office when you make a comic making fun of jesus
stupid fag none of them are children and you know this you are just a cuck who likes seeing his women raped
< user > < number > americans dead because of an illegal immigrant this is infuriating enforce our laws deport them
who are the jackasses that are voting for moulin rouge over # todiefor what is wrong with you ?
support # todiefor ! ! #
kidmanworldcup
why are non - white peoples allowed to be considered indigenous to africa & asia , but white people are n't   to europe ?
what the fuck i just got paid $ 800 from my old job , is this like my holiday pay ?
how did i have that much saved up
this entire state needs a forensic audit .
this is what you get from one party rule .
everyone except the common taxpayer on the take .
somebody is making a killing on the interest they 're stealing on these unspent fed funds .
and to think flynn was leading the lock her up chants at the republican convention ... https://t.co/uq5obvzfcl
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
< user > < user > ew you ghetto girls 🤢 🤢 🤢 all you big built hoes always wanna mash up cute girls like me 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈
p.s .
pardon my jungian typo .
deus .
30:19 should be deut .
30:19 .
deut(eronomy ) is from the hebrew , " copy of the law . "
deus is latin for " diety . "
interestingly , divine gratuity invites each and every human being to become a divus or a diva , a living " copy of the law . "
how archetypal is that ?
i did not understand wtf was going on when i was watching rick and marty last night .
that show is weirddd .
good pickup .
ca n't wait to see who portrays the mooch in the next new segment , if he 's still around .
" see thts how some of yal get " " hoes " " yal sell em a great dream ✨ ✨ damn near like yal already w / each other ... all i can is be honest w / you "
men are all trash so marry for money then poison him .
i have heard that and have read that verse in the bible that is arabs muslim is a religion and muhamid is the prophet of alah the koran is their book which is not of the god of abraham
i m a trans man and went to female prison .
not once was i ever misgendered , mistreated or treated like i was anything but a normal dude , by inmates or staff , many male officers would even joke with me about having beard envy 😂
i want to finish this fucking virgin hero karamatsu in two days or i 'll be dreaming about him for two weeks
why does no one run on a robust fiscal constraint/ pro business platform .
forget all other stuff .. just plain noise .
bernier came close but i guess there is no appetite for that even among conservatives .
would love to see kevin o as the finance minister but i guess   his support of b put paid to that possibility
you misspelled " misspelled . "
why do they keep talking about katrina ?
it was five years ago !
two terms of that shit in the white house < user >
do n't be an incel beta male like every other commenter in this thread
more inane drivel from lefty fascists , who can only denigrate donald trump and his supports . "
his supporters believe this dishonest man . . .
will torture for them . "
huh ?
yet the rg editors allow this sort of rot .
hillary clinton is your compulsive liar , who has broken numerous federal statutes .
removing classified material is a felony , and that 's for starters .
mrs. clinton has said " she does n't remember , " and gets to skate because of a corrupt federal government .
hillary clinton also lied to the families of those who were killed in benghazi , including a us ambassador .
clinton and the administration knew it was an organized al - qaeda attack ( on september 11 , 2012 !
imagine that ! )
but claimed to america and the families some obscure youtube video triggered angry muslims .
the middle east is aflame today because of hillary clinton and barack obama , threatening the security of the us and our allies .
yet all crybaby leftists can do is blubber what a big meanie donald trump is .
i admit that the hats are cute , but other then that what exactly do they think is going to happen ?
governments do n't routinely meet after various protests or marches and change policies .
what exactly would they change them to , as the message is vague .
in canada , if you listened to some of the people speaking on behalf of the marchers , you would think that women were in gulags .
no one interviewing them , made the point that canada as is other western nations a bastion of freedom , and it was never made clear what freedoms women were missing or how they were being oppressed .
it was   a woman 's march , so perhaps women should be the one to weigh in on this , but my bet is that in the western world most women are not on the side of the marchers .
< user > < user > shut up faggot
what 's the difference between a preschool girl and a trans person ?
i can actually sell the girl on the slave market 

 no one wants to buy the tranny
anyone who is selling men 's chockers lol i mean those tuma neck belts :p :p . . . . .
inbox me asap # xakitili
i see people leaving their cars running all the time while they go do something else .
why ?
< user > the difference is the fat nazi screaming propaganda and vitamins
bruhh their outfits for kcon are all white yes it suits them 🤙 ❤
ss |athenia was not a canadian flag ship .
me too .
i am persian and trying to adapt into the culture and not to turn the country that helped me in my time of need into the same country that i ran away from smh
hate when females try so hard to be niggas
this is literally apartheid propaganda .
at least the actual south african bourgeoisie would contradict themselves afterwards by telling tales of their heroic great - grandparents slaying the savage blacks on the battlefield .
steve ... i think it 's the same " scapegoat " phenomena , that trump played to with such vigor .... presenting   the trumpies with someone to hate .... ie " bad hombres " uppity women like hillary ,    et al ..... to the tune of " lock her up " build a wall .... et al ..... what totally mistifies me is how institutional hierarchy was so dumb as to support this man ?
evil does n't change all that much .. does it ?
i want to pound away at her cute little butthole and fill her anus with cum !
fuck baby if use that pussy any fucking time
he had a very serious injury .
thought he 'd be back like early 2018 at the earliest so this is even beyond like john cena levels here
thanks to china 's peaceful liberation of tibet , tibet is now free of feudalism and foreign meddling , and is progressing rapidly .
rt @jessietorr : yeah " basic bitches " are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and so boring ? ?
needs to drop about as low as necessary to be enamored by j. trudeau ?
swedish police chiefs agree to start bombing native swedish neighbourhoods to drive racists out of their homes and make them seek refuge elsewhere only then will they learn about empathy and stop regarding foreign refugees as the other mega
vote4me raises canadian human rights .
yes - our human rights also give us all the right to take the necessary measures as a country to avoid crashing into the sea in a plane piloted by a drunken pilot - and to have measures that catch them before they pass out doing their pre - flight check .
this guy must be some kind of retard
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
if i 'm thinking of the right culture , girls with lighter skin fetch a better match so time in the sun is a cultural no no .
what 's the biggest sign that you 're incel ?
milf shares black cock with friend url
when niggers spics erupting rags are forced into white neighborhoods by the fucking feds itz wondrous diversity when moneyed whites move into ghetto shitholes remake them into liveable pleasant places itz racist gentrification
she did n't find you attractive .
probably because she has poor tastes in men . [ ... ]
women are not bad for " friendzoning " you , you are pathetic for being attracted to manipulative women with poor taste in men .
manufacturing in us kept expanding at robust pace in march - san antonio express - news ( subscription ) https://t.co/pbjiq1uq4o
it 's in the blood .
he is from an oshawa gm family , where in the old days we had over 20,000 employees in oshawa alone .
i know it 's selfish but i hope it works and gm stays in canada .
new the justice department is reportedly considering making it easier to deport immigrants who use public benefits reuters
it 's not racist if it 's important to film .
@ian lee now i wonder who would murder a elderly black activist women and stick her body in a car trunk .you are are a typical red hat inbred moron ....... no hate crime here , right cupcake .
freaken boy wonder here folks .........
it is not funny whatsoever .
it is an attempt to gag the official opposition .
the falcons were obviously demoralized by that halftime pep - talk from hillary clinton .
@thehill bullshit take .
how is trump going after minorities , brown people , black people exactly ?
he talked about some individuals , who mind you have been talking shit about him for quite sometime .
because they are a different color , he is not allowed to respond ?
typical npc .
no most people do not want war as long as there are jews there will be wars for profit and to kill good white men
.@melbournecity ( and yes we know the reason why he 's out here is not to put his hand up for the job ) or is it ? ... & #
128527;&#128527;&#128527 ;
for sure .
it does n't bother me what her sexual orientation is , as long as we like each other that is all the matters .
deltadag , i got a good laugh out of your " elder statesman " with .44 magnum story .
funny yet sad .
times have changed , and the good ole days of discretion are long gone .
traveling today is like entering a war zone .
auwe !
i see a lot of tumblr swifties identifying as attentionsexual .
happy pride !
maybe niggas just need to stop being oversenesetive ass pussies
what more disappointing a white boy who can not shoot 🏀 or a black person smoking cigarettes 🚬
ptss is real and is the only reason west africans who it was forced upon think they are linked to an ancient iraqi culture this is a serious psychological problem that must be addressed .
got a couple more companies you can boycott this christmas season first one is ford they have got several < number > ads out featuring blip length shots of white men w other than white women this is becoming the norm too you defile the white man that will drive our women into their hands wn
@archrose90 can you stop showing this disgusting freak so early in the morning .
i ve just had my breakf ........ sorry too late .
do you have a tissue ? ? ?
discuss in this thread where the fuck we 're going to go when we get banned in the next week .
< user > < user > do not let trump know he will cage them for being illegal aliens
got a new phone same # but good to have my internet with me no more flip phone .. fuck part is got home alarm was going off and recorded someone voice after alarm went off was thinking we catch video if they tried any more but at least field a report with police .. what a day 👌 😎
nice udders slut ... what about those fuck holes ? ...
coz whore like you is only worth her holes here
' depression runs in the family ' 
 cope for ugliness runs in our genetics
figure skating ladies and pairs eff the queers
i never knew a straight man who did n't talk about pu$$y or getting it or there love of it this is the biggest non story in the history of political bs i ever heard where as sick slick willy was actually cheating on his wife in the white house at work stuffed cigars up that womans vajaja that he swore he did not have sex with a known rapist an his enabler really have the moral high ground hear what a joke
instead of telling muslims to not go to mosques directly tackle rising islamophobia and start taking white terrorism seriously
same .
currently hoping that my current makeup of being bi , gender - blind and open to just about anything and everything wins out .
incels : taking the victim mentality to a whole ' nother level !
admins demonstrate ability to stealth edit posts on unpopular subreddits !
happy trans day of visibility buddy , i 've celebrated by going to my local transgender pride , protesting our rights .
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
@slewtrue611 @balerstos @danodonnellshow @kpoulsen no one has to pretend to care about races of people .
i care about all human beings .
i see people as human beings not by their skin tone .
i was sitting next to some really hot thai girl on the bus today .
all i could think to myself was , 
 " do n't get an erection , do n't get an erection ! "
but she did .
again , ss .
stop the nastiness .
just because one side is more civil and does n't pitch a fit when the other guy wins , does n't mean their guy is more " divisive ; " it means the other side less civil .
got ta love day one college homework .
write 3 interesting facts about yourself ?
i thought finals were supposed to be hard this is impossible .
i 'm so jealous of american incels 
 you can go to the wallmart and buy a pump shotgun for 300 bucks so u can ki - ll your - self in 1 second
you get applauded for saying women are smarter than men as a feminist
thank you @cvsan for a super prompt large - item pickup !
now my neighbors wo n't have to look at my nasty old couch on the sidewalk all day . & #
128513 ;
a hoe gon be a hoe , that ai n't a hunnid .
thank you for your sacrifice and good luck .
no trump is less likely to be right than a broken clock .
donald , trump is as low as a man can get .
donald , trump is a blowhard , a bully , an arrogant man whose perception of his place in the world is skewed by his enormous yet fragile ego .
donald , trump 's view of women as sexual objects is well documented .
donald , trump would n't see himself as a pedophile for having had sex with a teenage girl .
donald , trump supporters such as yourself have an uphill battle , shackles off , mud - slinging , crass , campaign to finish .
i find myself in good company .
amen .
it 's literally estrogen .
if you go to a doctor and tell them you want a sex change they will give you estrogen pills .
why do you think that is ?
what do you think estrogen does ?
are you really pretending you do n't notice how soft this next generation is ?
is that reality ?
how many guys that you grew up with cut their dicks off ?
i 'm gon na bet none , but now it 's becoming commonplace .
​ gee , i wonder what these kids are ingesting that we did n't .
oh look , fucking soy everywhere being pushed by everyone .
let 's see ... what is soy .
oh , it 's literally fucking e s t r o g e n
do you see this ?
while we were all going crazy over trump and his stupid parade , this was actually happening ! !
💔 a migrant lost her fetus while in border patrol custody on july 4 url
the simple fact is the bowlcast is some great content logically it follows that followers will follow sorry that was nigger tier
from me to me fuck you nobody care about you you meant to be alone go kill yourself
stream of downvotes ensues when someone dares to suggest that men can get cat - called too , on r / twoxchromosomes
that feel when no popular male haircuts mesh with you 
 basically every one of them gives an aura of brashness and arrogance , a nerd would look stupid with them
i thought gays get an instant ticket to hell from " god " without question
these hoes are like roaches ugly and easy to smash   unlike other girls beautiful and hard to get like a butterfly 🦋
lol bunch of faggots in here .
op you 're nta , fucking bitches ca nt take a joke nowadays .
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
that woman is a disgrace to the country that gave her the opportunity to be where she is today .
< user > so your convenience is more important than free expression that something queers and bimbos think
i wonder what horribly awful thing trump will say next .
ca n't wait to cringe !
you know it is just minutes away ..
with the village people blaring from a < number > < number > track ghetto blaster slung over polly shoulder
they profess to be at war with us
out of the < number > richest folks in the world < number > are american of whom < number > are white women who inherited their money the rest are all white men
unfortunately he is making enough stupid dangerous orders that will please the dumb white males that voted for him , such as this immigration order , the reversal of women 's rights , the impact on church on politics , etc ...    he gives them enough that they will be blind sided and wo n't even realised how scr*wed they are .
i did n't say your comment about terrorists involved men praying - they were the targets of a mind inflamed by hate comments .
and your comment did involve muslim women wearing headscarves - migod , did n't you just read it ?
" alceste 
 to be clear , are you now saying you respect the courage of headscarf - wearing muslim women in north america ?
" skyofblue 
 sure , just as much as i admire the courage of the terrorists who blow themselves up or go fight in iraq for isis , or fly planes into buildings .
i do n't make a point of respecting them though . "
whether orders is about power , on the one hand , or conversion and service on the other , is not a function of the sex or gender of the minister ; it 's preposterous to suggest that women who seek orders are motivated by power and men by a desire to serve -- preposterous and demonstrably false .
< being a priest or bishop ( or deacon ) is not about power > 
 nonsense !
it is preposterous to suggest that in the polity of the catholic church , the sacrament of orders is distinct from power ; indeed , power in the catholic church ( the power to teach , govern and sanctify ) is invested precisely in the ordained , and fully in the bishop .
we might hope that being a priest or bishop ( or deacon ) is not only about power -- but it is , for sure , at least partly about power ; and that is by church law and by definition .
bitch fuck you and yo stupid ass nigga
notice how trump , after the usual thoughts and prayers comments keeps his mouth shut when the mass murderers are red blooded american men .
but let the killer be a muslim   or middle eastern immigrant and trump just burns up the twitterverse .
throw him in guantanamo , radical muslim extremists , blah , blah , blah .
obviously trump thinks the punishment should be different for the same crime depending on the race of the killer .
do n't forget t rump , your buddies in saudi arabia are also muslims .
of course that 's different because they sell us oil and they buy american made weapons and munitions which they proceed to drop on other muslims !
does anyone really wonder why there are terrorists wandering the planet ?
if your loved one is murdered in a mass killing do you really care whether the guy was mad at his mother - in - law or pod at us military operations in the middle east ?
they are all terrorist killings !
trump just mines the isis type attacks for his racist agenda .
i love little 18 yo black girls .
yes i would watch you
women u19 qualifying round latest
oh thank god , finally when i hit 30 maybe men will leave me the fuck alone 🙄
trump is an evil man and best represents the nature of his evil flock .
these female " leaders " have set women in politics back by decades .
i am a woman and i will never vote for one .
these women , and let 's include notley here as she belongs with them , have used their positions to create an atmosphere of divisiveness .
they took their positions and have ruined any chance for decent women in the future because these clowns have gone around claiming they are changing everything for the betterment of society and women in society .
all i see are a bunch of ego maniacs with messiah complexes giving all potential future & current women leaders a bad rap .
they 've proven that women are indeed equal to , if not better at scandal , corruption , lies and self importance as any male leader i 've ever seen .
even if the scans are dirty from the lab would it be so hard for you to bring it into photoshop and clone out the dirty spots ?
@texas_eric1 @jaybarney13 @trjones2020 @tariqnasheed @charriselane your kids see you defend the police everytime they murder a black person ; and they see you blame the black person for losing their life ; your kids will most likely be evil racists just like you are , unless they get lucky and rebel from your trash example of " parenting "
what gifts of voice and narrative and oh what heart !
i 'll teach geek love till i yeah no more .
gratitude , dreamlet .
😈
that nigga neck long like an ostrich bird 🤣 🤣
what is black and sticks to a tree ?
a peeping tom after a forest fire
@omid18097499 @model_mariajade a coward and a liar .
they attack the big companies not the girls .
oh but you are too much of a coward little incel soyboy to dare to do that .
hiding in the basement like a coward you are .
you are nothing more then a woman hater .
back in the day you had two sides of greenville historic district filled with beautiful homes and the ghetto now it is just one big ghetto of broken down historic homes casinos did that oh here the pictures of the old greenville bridge and a new one
cristina laila retweeted jake tapper i guess all of obama ghetto rap star friends are better you know the guys who rap about raping pimping women selling drugs fakenews jake tapper ‏ potus invited sarahpalinusa to dinner and told her to bring some friends
these hoes are the same
< user > < user > just like they will never be jews lol
meximerica sprawling communities south of the border constructed and inhabited by immigrants who seek sanctuary from the squalor they fled and uncertainty of the subsequent legal quandary of their own making now only lost in an alien culture where most would rather not be if they are honest
what ?
you can call me queer , bi , pan , fluid , or a purple spotted giraffe .
to make things even more ( or less ) complicated i have even identified as grey - asexual and sapiosexual in the past .
just a human living my life .
not trying to erase or invalidate yours .
✌ 🏼
@wes_vl faggot
put estrogen in his food in prison then put him with the biggest blackest gayest hung hogged lifer you can find
god of course i love trans girls 😍
glenn beck is comparing the uswnt and lgbt stuff to sodom and gomorrah on the radio this morning
america 's skilled trades dilemma : shortages loom as most - in - demand group of workers ages # babyboomers via @forbes https://t.co/uxf2kkorsq
i 'd have you raise your crotch up as iuse your throat as a cocksleeve while i finger fuck your cunt until you squirt or your legs give out what ever happens last before u use my grool covered to smack you tits to smack and squeeze your tits before fucking with your nipples but i 'll let you choose whether i pound your cunt or make you my analslut you can choose fuckmeat !
found an incel sympathizer
we can either all gang up on the kike or the kike can get everyone to gang up on us
beyoncé ’s “ masterpiece of black feminism ” was produced almost entirely by men [ x - post hiphopheads ]
yes it does show he believes it is ok since only a small number if cities see muzrat terror and anyone that would say that is conveying his approval of it else he d convey outrage and a commitment fight it it us a value judgement that even encourages the problem
i do n't suppose the g&m will bother to report on today 's new york time 's staff mini - revolt .
it might give their own dwindling staff ideas .
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/new-york-times-staffers-say-they-feel-betrayed-and-disrespected-in-letter-to-editor-2017-06-28?mod=mw_share_twitter
" they should have ... " no kidding .
but " they " do n't and " they " have n't throughout history .
keep fighting planned parenthood , keep fighting the successful iud program on the western slope , keep fighting access to women 's health and " they " will keep on reproducing irresponsibly , including the male half of the equation .
@lisabritton @ryanafournier agree 100 % .
genders are positive features of human character and should stay individualized and separate to create a " fun , inclusive and accepting of differences " society
trollxers show that even if you 're kind you 're still a creep as an unattractive male
archbishop tobin had this editorial in the criterion , the local diocese newspaper .
http://www.archindy.org/archbishop/column/2016/10-07/archbishop.html 
 this is what pope francis is looking for . :-)
fuck you and you and you i hate your friends and they hate me too blackbear
ur following the autistic foot steps of dr. michael burry
start working at home with google !
it 's by - far the best job i 've had .
last wednesday i got a brand new bmw since getting a check for $ 6474 this - 4 weeks past .
i began this 8 - months ago and immediately was bringing home at least $ 77 per hour .
i work through this link , go to tech tab for work detail .
+ _ + _ + _ + _ + _ + _ + _ + _ + http://www.22moneybay.com
hyuck and yuta lesbian luvrs they love me
is the fallacy that # cleanenergy is clean and does n't involve massive embodied energy a ) the right amount of harmful , or b ) too harmful ?
both of these organizations have been created to address different aspects of very real problems that affect all of us .
start reporting the nationalities of illegal immigrant murderers rapists and frame headlines as national assaults honduran rapes california woman mexican man shoots two in botched robbery illegal immigrant implies they belong or will stay when paperwork is figured out they will not
alaska appears to be in a dead heat with florida for the most mentally challenged crminals
these protests where not about hate .
they were about outrage with a man who brags about sexually abusing women - " grabbing their pussies " without any permission being president .
it 's disgusting to most of us .
not about hate , about truth of who this animal called president is .
cholo mf ?
why did n't you defend that walmart homes 😤 😤
wtf are you talking about retard boy you are rambling now
she ugly anyways
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
sure there are .
you would n't like them but if you ca n't get a firearm or ammunition for one that would prevent this .
we need to bring in white sa farmers before they are all murdered nobody seems to care what are the dutch saying about this
' 
 kim jong un .
donald trump .
regime change ?
yes , 

 … .both of them .
.
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
auto correct is giving me a fucking headache .. i know when to use you and your & # 128530 ;
in the wise words of tyler the creator : " hahahahahahahaha how the fuck is cyber bullying real hahahaha nigga just walk away from the screen like nigga close your eyes haha "
# pagedbecause some amoral locum agency decided to phone the on call senior registrar to see if we would use their doctors .
idc if ur trolling but if ur black saying awful things about ur own race then ur most likely a self - hater in rl and need to seek help 😳
i hate how males are low value 
 i hate just being another hungry cock 

 feelsbadman
america 's skilled trades dilemma : shortages loom as most - in - demand group of workers ages # babyboomers via @forbes https://t.co/uxf2kkorsq
agreed .
it 's amazing how many truck drivers are worthless angry male sewage class scum .
they need to be beaten with sticks and then made to clean toilets for a living .
it 's all those emospastics halfwits are good for .
you are going to be labeled a nazi no matter what you do you have interest in european roots white culture white folk lore and white faiths you are a nazi to the jews no matter what you do
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
are not we muslims stopshiitevictimization
if rule of law still existed we would not have illegal immigrants screeching insults at us on the television knowing they are untouchable brimelow
< user > < user > < user > so what about adults who bring disease to this country what about lack of choice what about failure to modernise vaccination manufacture processes how dare you go to war on concerned parents without addressing concerns first
i know liking men is ghetto 😷 but i ’ m different i swear 😓 i ’ m a bitch ass nigga 😌 scouts honor 👌 🏿 🥺
rt @lahflexico : i know you probally use to nothing niggas fucking with ya
this government will be forced to pay for the really stupid decision to accept thousands of poorly educated pseudo refugees ( they did not fit the un definition because they were already settled in turkey ) who have very large families and will be a drain on our resources for many years to come .
they have very different cultural values , do not accept that men and women have equal rights and vilify the lgbtq community .
trudeau and mccallum and all those aiding and abetting this insane act should be forced to pay at the polls .
perhaps trudeau is banking on the women continuing to produce huge broods of kids ( not unlikely since they wo n't get any employment )   and at this rate they will soon become a major voting bloc .
that 's exactly the point junior .
they can not vote but this ruling states they can be counted in districts , and therein how the vote is rigged .
perhaps you should stick to subjects for to your mental grasp , such as cartoons and color books .
do not worry the media will conveniently ignore who this person is and use the violence to condemn white supremacists
pause has anyone listened to the txt album i m listening right now and i its so goos lesbians help i m vibrating
trying a new concurrency architecture for pewtube , please let me know if you run into any latency !
webmd is the worst place to go .
it 'll tell me my headache is a tumor or some shit like huh
sooo , religions and cultish practices encouraged dumb behavior .
noted .
white males are n't on the terror lists like anti - fa , muslims , etc are .
thanks for not mentioning that margaret
what 's the difference between a nigger and a trans person ?
you can still sell the nigger , noone wants to buy the tranny .
" democracy " ?
is that what you call the us ... the same folks who waged the illegal immoral iraq war , demolished the country , killed 100,000 ,   men , women , and children , threw thousands of resisters in prison , tortured them , disbanded the iraq army , and turned them all into angry men wanting revenge on the west and supporters of the west ?
" democracy " ?
really ?
i 'd rip those panties off and stuff them in your mouth before dry raping your asshole as violently as possible , in the end leaving you a broken , gaped , cum filled mess
i want to finish this fucking virgin hero karamatsu in two days or i 'll be dreaming about him for two weeks
benjamin netanyahu and the likud are not " held hostage by small extreme parties " .
one of the biggest myths perpetuated in relation to pr .
the likud is a hard right party and their views are marginally different than the smaller coalition parties .
netanyahu is governing and legislating consistent with his and the likud 's political beliefs .
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
still doing the q&amp;a this week .
i 'm gon na be doing it in school so send me questions using # askzuqqo & # 129304;&#127997 ;
i hate a ol i forgot my wallet at home but i have my id ass bitch ! ! !
alwayswithyoushehnaaz shehnazianslovemahivij ourheartsidnaaz five hundred seventy one
which magic wand can only make men disappear ?
pregnancy test sticks
< user > < user > this song by amy winehouse i am telling you go to karaoke anywhere and the white bitches will all unanimously sigh when it comes on because they mad they wanted to sing it 😂
he is going wherever jews take him israel first not america
a soldier boasting about his battles is a common and tolerated thing .
sajjan risked his life many times for you .
there are too many low white racists in canada .
this is a brave soldier who gave a somewhat exaggerated account of his role in one battle .
big deal .
ordinarily , it would be shrugged off with a wink and an amused grin .
but the man is brown and so all the white skunks have leapt on him .
< user > < user > nah nazis are evil
this case is not an example of white man 's sex abuses of natives , but of natives ' abuses of a white man for profit .
agreed .
men these days are such pussies .
that is why they let third world low iq savages into their countries to do actual rape .
good one !
all white party tonight with the babe
screw you alphabeticus .
i 'm male , and there are plenty of women who are smarter than me and who the f cares ?
and yes , hilary is very clever .
she can get away with lying , cheating , and stealing , then claim to be a ' feminist ' and get a bunch of sheep like you to vote for her .
just make sure not to do any research on her , it would burst the little liberal bubble you 've been living in .
wow so your family is like the song jesus loves the little children of the world ?
you know red and yellow , black and white , they are precious in his site ? "
that 's so weird , but kinda cool .
my family is down with interracial stuff too .
i 'm descended from an indian princess somewhere along the line from way back when . "
< user > < user > < user > it was way better than sonoma if you remember your redneck jesus won the glenn also
i will answer them i will be with them in trouble i will rescue and honor them with long life i will satisfy them and show them my salvation to declare the steadfast love in the morning and your faithfulness by night
transgender are all idiots who are sick in the head
< user > i am glad you asked such an intelligent question it is in fact this woman did use the same bag to save the turtles but also at the same time pulling some white ass sh*t < censored >
honestly men are gross , entitled and dangerous .
and if you say " you 're afraid of men " i 'd say " hell yes " , men have given me every reason to fear for my fucking life around them , they 've give me zero reason to trust them .
people complaining about the violence in charlottesville are ironically the same folks banging the war drums about northkorea 🙈 🙈 🙈 gabfam speakfreely
time to learn the art of writing to apply for grants .
seems like different orgs prefer drastically different styles , high level vs detailed .
@whyyousoloudhoe he needs to be deported
head of a knitting circle is incredibly misogynistic .
i do n't know if you yourself are a woman , does n't matter .
you would n't say this to a man writing an op ed .
kind of a personal slap that 's unnecessary .
also men have disgusting fucking feet bottoms saying ggggg
how to know if you are certified subhuman 
 when you pose with a bunch of stacies and chad friends for a photo and the picture comes up with them with their one neanderthal pet , you know it 's over .
i do n't take political advice or   care for political opinions from celebs
how do you win a war against trannies ?
pull out the biology books .
yes , the only nation to use the atom bomb which saved millions of lives .
have you ever heard of the rape of nanking ?
japan was killing chinese people by the hundreds of thousands .
had they invaded the us , how many lives would have been lost ?
learn the facts .
yes , it would have been great to not have needed to use it , but it was the only tool to save millions of people .
your next juvenile comment- that trump obtained the presidency because of the electoral college .
yes , just like every other president .
ever .
whether anyone likes him or not is irrelevant .
he won the electoral college .
that is how we pick a prsident in the us .
do n't like the system ?
oh well .
most of the us does n't want ca and ny making every majority decision for the country .
next , he is not the one sending missiles over japan nor testing missiles .
he is the only one stopping that kim jong un from destroying a us city .
wake up .
what exactly can he be impeached for doing ?
oh , nothing
wtf is wrong with you ? ?
this man is supposed to be a leader ... 

 he 's far from it ... 

 begone mr. sajjan and take trudeau with you ...
men seek to dominate the priesthood because they are jealous of female fertility
do women like it though when their men show off that u r theirs ?
e.g. him smacking or grabbing your pretty bottom ?
" cleaner coal . "
lol
what a load .
trump is hoist on his own petard .
and yes , the republicans have a history of silencing people , as in redistricting , disenfranchising voters they expect to vote against them , blocking them at the polls and on and on .
a us court of appeals recently ruled that a voter id law passed by republican north carolina legislature is on thursdthe “ the most restrictive voting law north carolina has seen since the era of jim crow ... and found that lawmakers acted with the intent to disenfranchise african - american voters . "
gee , i wonder what trump would have to say about members of the court ?
mr. zmccauliffe is quite right .
if , indeed , the sergeant was inappropriately attired at work , captain kamkar should have discretely advised her of the problem and requested she correct the issue .
that would be the duty of a supervisor .
clearly he did not do so .
instead , he secretly photographed her cleavage .
that 's not exactly " professional " behavior .
gary crum
no one gives a shit you faggot .
i do n't believe the roman reigns for aj styles trade is true .
they want reigns vs lasner at wm34 .
there s no way lasner goes to # sdlive
i fucking hate white socks they literally make me feel like a whole other person when i am wearing them
what is it with you lowiq idiots you can not speak the language so why do you even try to i do not even have the slightest clue what that ghetto language you wrote means in actual english please do not call yourself white it embarrassing
this book speaks of the original language of scripture & amp ; the comparison of god 's modern voice in english verses his ancient in hebrew - wow .
zenigundam oh shit the beta male is here
jpz , i agree with you on this topic !
it is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes .
andrew jackson 

 democrat or republican should have the full weight of the law brought to bear upon them !
it 's where we demonize the other side that we go wrong !
if we are to believe what we read in the newspapers and listen to on the news it is most often the other sides wrong doing .
“ there is nothing which i dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties , each arranged under its leader , and concerting measures in opposition to each other .
this , in my humble apprehension , is to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our constitution . ”
― john adams
the orthodox would love to be in union with rome .
in fact , fr .
thomas hopko gave a short list of requirements in order for union to become a reality : http://www.orthodoxytoday.org/articles6/hopkopope.php 

 the first requirement is that the pope " would have to confirm the original text of the nicene - constantinopolitan symbol of faith and defend its use in all the churches , beginning with his own .
at the very least ( should some churches for pastoral reasons be permitted to keep the filioque in their creed ) , he would insist on an explanation that would clearly teach that the holy spirit " proceeds from the son " only in relation to god 's saving dispensation in the world .
he would make certain that no christian be tempted to believe that the holy spirit essentially proceeds from the father and the son together , and certainly not " from both as from one ( ab utroque sicut ab uno . ) . " "
< user > whatchu are < user > is a self hating homosexual who has to pay for your homosexual desires
the cops will investigate this bacon attack but do not have the resources to investigate young girls being raped by fucking mudslimes time for a revolution time to hang the traitors in the public square
don ’ t you hate when you accidentally fall for her so ghetto
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
i once sat in a meeting of the elite of the hawaiian community , and listened to a protester give a dramatic speech about his concerns that lasted about 15 minutes , ending with a round of applauds .
i turned to the persons seated to the right and the left of me , and asked what did he say ?
... exactly , a lot of nice , rousing words saying and meaning absolutely nothing !
know " double talk ? "
this was a perfect example of political arrogance ... a lot of talk with nothing said .
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
< user > < user > it a parody they wrote it down then sent it to you the only ones who voted were the breitbart staff though the staff are all white supremacy nazis not all of them voted for you suck it up buttercup
why is a gay kike giving a speech about it being ok to be white i thought his granpappy was one of < number > trillion kikes gassed soaped and lampshaded in the holohoax nametheperfidiousjew
he 's making sure if it 's ok for the bitches http://t.co/we7obtketb
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
swear these niggas some females now
that is not , at all , what i am doing !
what evil men ( there are still .
many ) in the catholic church ( or any other church ) , have done to innocents is beyond despicable .
equally so , those devils who covered for them ( mostly to conceal their own misdeeds , not the church that they themselves hate ) .
i want them rooted out and prosecuted .
that being said , pretending that religion is the problem is nonsense .
ban all religions .
that would do almost nothing to erase child sexual abuse .
because most of it occurs elsewhere .
the media does not tell that story however .
what 's the difference between a nigger and a trans person ?
you can still sell the nigger , noone wants to buy the tranny .
( video ) cousin stizz ft city girls – perfect - url url
a has been from a genre called ` ` grunge rock '' aka sheety music popular around 20 years ago i did n't like them then and now ... same consensus pearl jam - jeremy - youtube
in 15 - 20 years when i have kids i 'm gon na raise them gender neutral the best i can
boilers broke so i 'm having to have a shower by pouring the kettle over my head how fucked is that
here is a link .
was n't too hard to find .
i 'm surprised motley did n't find one .
a person at work said that 's what they put in his vehicle .
he also said he flipped the bird for them each time he blew in it .
https://www.lifesafer.com/devices/fc100-ignition-interlock-with-camera/
< user > katniss was lesbian let ’ be honest
this vile racist ghetto ass dumber than a retarded tree snail woman could not win the presidency of the neighborhood poo picker uppers organization
remember white people .
stay out of poc countries and let all brown people in or you 're racist .
what do you mean white supremacists are on the rise ?
people should be able to recognize just how much we are at war when the criminally retarded are the only ones that have a voice this is what america stood as one and voted to end
priest : open your bibles to psalm ... me : body once told me
" sweetheart " is a misogynistic sexist term , which clearly labels you as a trump supporter and one of the many " angry , white abusive males " .
under the new order , you will be sent to the camps for re - education and/or extermination .
this is how progressive tolerance works .
forward soviet !
rt @jessietorr : yeah " basic bitches " are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and so boring ? ?
< user > you can not say the n word just like i would not call a gay person a faggot weird point to make cause he still seems perfectly fine saying faggot not like anyone is advocating to let white people go arround calling random black people nigger kinda defeats itself
< user > from < number > m illegal aliens and < number > m dead people 🤡
ya , you 're probably right .
corporations and governments likely hired a lot of the protestors to do the damage .
just like in toronto ...
the discrimination against males in colleges is based on title 9 interpretation by the democrats in the position of power that are controlling 100 % of higher education .
the ratio of males to females in colleges is dropping from 4 to 6 to 3 to 7 .
it will lead to the demographic disaster as men tent to marry down and women to merry up .
a college educated female will not marry a plumber or hvac technician .
virtually all college educated females will remain spinsters or will be forced to whore around for companionship .
one only needs to examine african american marriage patterns to see the future .
why would a college educated black md marry an ex con ?
rt @tegustaaa : if you suppose to be a man , don&#8217;t be a bitch .
< user > < user > almost two years after the election things are becoming worst just as mentioned in your report sexual violence cases have increased babies are being raped you might want to do a follow up report
muslims are pedophiles , communism will never work , trannies are sick in the head , democrats are the true racists , there is no such thing as rape culture in the western civilisation , feminists are women sexually frustrated .
black .
it was funded by soros threu move on violence was always part of their plan the women movement was created to help pass the era not mutate into bs < user >
i changed my mind jotaro hates women but he respects dykes because they hold nothing but contempt for him
lame as banger ai n't no kings in humbolt park anymore foolthe white people kicked them the fuck out
:d @nkrause11 dudes who go to culinary school : # why # findawife # notsexist :)
genders are like the twin towers ... there used to be two of them , now it ’s a sensitive subject .
< user > < user > climate change is a fucking hoax
remember men it not sexual harassment when women are the perps joybehar crotchgrabber
current flavor of the month ... " black lives matter " .. this hate group is the loved one , just like kkk was loved , i guess before dinosaur roamed the earth ..   who cares or know of anyone that know anything about kkk today in 2017 ?
is white people even majority of the us anymore ?
dialling back dodd - frank , that is how mr. trump is going to keep his promise that he is tough on wall street ...... the man is a fraud .
any black man who can make disgusting comments about dark skin women is a black man i will stay away from you niggers are mad and quite creepy
if you re acting like a faggot i will certainly call you one faggot
brown eyes are the only color of eyes that blacks and asians have , outside of any outside breeding .
anti violence laws just saved a white man from my nail scratches
suck my dick from the back you big bitch .
beigefrequency ran off to cumtown like a retarded faggot
good article over all .
however , i have a few thoughts about this man - i wonder why c / chaput became a priest .
he does n't appear to represent jesus ' ideals of reaching out and including people rather than treating them as outcasts for any infraction of the law .
it seems you would not be welcome in his group if you did n't check off all the slots on the rigid rules and regulations sheet .
chaput then would decide you shoud not be included as a member of his exclusive team - because he only wants the " smaller and holier " crowd .
he seems to have an attitude problem when it comes to people using their intelligence to make the right decision for themselves rather than blindly obeying churchy directives .
chaput comes across to me as someone devoid of passion or empathy for his ' flock ' and would appear unapproachable if one needed help .
sounds like an unhappy person .
think he is in the wrong line of work .
why would a muslim wanna leave the country 🤔 this country i mean not his own shithole gross a rab country of course he would want to leave his own country even if he gets arrested it still way better than living in whatthefuckistan
biches be acting like jigaboo
no , it should n't be debated .
let 's debate how a man gets zero blame or shame for impregnating a woman and rarely pays even a fraction of the upkeep for his offspring if he does n't want to , and how his vasectomy is covered , as is his penis hardening medication and contraptions , but for women , not so much .
the u.k. needs to revive the art of self - defense practiced by sherlock holmes , bartitsu .
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bartitsu
ms murphy :   as i 've stated , i 'd be quite happy to discuss or debate this issue with you or anyone else .
i 'm not interested in exchanging insults with you on this site or in person .
if you 're interested in a civil discussion of the various issues involved , let me know .
regards , gary
so you have also noticed the preponderance of ( white ) middle aged men in four by fours that are too big for the roads driving like obnoxious cowboys ?
because people in other states are wearing clown masks whilst abducting children and killing people .
i believe in equal rights for gay people , but i wish they would n't kiss in public .
it 's gross .
cannabis should be grown by canadian farmers .
no need for insurance if cannabis is priced at 2 $ a pound .
i will literally drag that faggot ass twink
there are only two big employers in the top 10 in eugene / springfield who are n't governmental bodies , peace health and mckenzie - willamette .
@wes_vl faggot
@aabahaawas @yxng_aizen @thatblackespada another nigga to hop on y'alls dick , enjoy your dick ride boys
i just asked a < number > year old about pewdiepie using the nigger word in a video his reply was who cares i agreed with the sentiment and congratulated him on his common sense
men have ruined hugging for fucking everybody . #
hugs # men # awkwardmoment
at least i have fewer chromosomes than you , bitch
he deserved the title of the king of rock ' n ' roll more than presley did .
he wrote his own stuff and even though his guitar playing was simplistic compared to today 's players , they 'd be nowhere without him .
and as simple as those chops sound , try getting the timing down ... the cat could really play .
now if you 'll excuse me , i have a gibson and a fender amp that 's about to get turned up really loud .
bitch you a dog and your homegirl too , ayy url
and rot in hell you little boy peepee touching faggot michael jackson
oh it will change mr. scott .
my daughter is n't going to live in a dystopian , male supremacist society .
we women are going to tear this country apart , starting with the churches , if the women - hating policies supported by the right come to fruition .
there will not be any kind of normal church life anymore .
if christians do not take their hands off women 's bodies we 're going to put our hands on their churches , not their physical churches mind you , rather on the area surrounding their churches that is public property .
it will be an offensive carnival of condom distribution , sex education and general mayhem .
there will be no peace anymore for them to partake in the activities that make up " church . "
their churches will become political spheres .
and we will work to take their rights away .
some will likely engage in violence which will be an unfortunate consequence of christians forgetting their obligation to their fellow citizens .
i guarantee it will be ugly and people will be armed .
anyone else go on @boxingscene website and gets rerouted to spam sites ?
very fucking annoying # boxing
what do you call 369 transgender individuals killed this year ?
a good start
go fuck your couch in mom 's basement incel
the judge just dismissed the case .
it makes zero sense that you commit treason of our lands for a foreign government .
it makes zero sense to pillage bc of various rainforest with trees over 1,000 years old because a stupid man wants to sell cdo 's and bbb 's on the stock market .
and believe me , i will rip your balls off for lying .
i have a bachelor 's degree .
my gross wages were $ 77000 last year .
i was born in canada .
i 'm employed .
there are 2 people living in my house .
shout out to the girls that ain t retarded
on god men are a bunch of pussy ass bitches now .
how long have i been “ intolerant ” of racists , religious fanatics who expect their dogma to be treated as law , the homophobic , people who disdain the intellectuals who make the modern life we all enjoy possible , the gullible and confused who ’re giving our hard - won freedoms and economic opportunities to corporate oligarchs in the belief that they 'll get to continue to be racists , religious fanatics , the homophobic and arrogantly ignorant ?
all of my 60 + years , mr. blues , every damn one .
in all those years and travels and study of history and human nature i 've seen no benefit to society come from the behaviors and attitudes .
why do you think these behaviors and attitudes deserve an enlightened society 's tolerance ?
i think the problem here is a lot of muslims themselves do n't see eye to eye with terrorists groups like isis or al - qaeda .
isis or al - qaeda may or may not claim they are muslims .
either way their ideology is warped .
so i do n't think banning muslims will help .
i think what will help is keep dropping them moab 's on their compounds .
as for the terrorist suicide bombings and stuff it 's hard to prevent that .
there are nut heads in every country .
a lot may or may not be muslims .
they can be your everyday citizens in your own country .
we are proud that our tools can serve the lgbtq+ community , particularly in places where it is dangerous to be out .
this june and year round , the tor project stands in solidarity with the lgbtq+ community .
happy # pride2019 !
url url
bitches real life fall in love w a nigga who treats them like a human sock
this .
i bring this up all the time whenever people tell me that bisexual people have it the easiest out of everyone in lgbt .
everyone in lgbt needs to stand together .
nothing but praise .
finally , finally , someone with common sense .
" you know when the party was lit when the next day your friend texted you " " have you seen my bra ? " " & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; "
idc what anyone says , the song title is brown skin girl and i 'm a brown skin girl .
if you think it 's only for " dark skin girls " that 's fine , that 's for you .
how i see it tho ... if she wanted that or meant that she would 've named it " dark skin girl "
and not a moment too soon .
now , hopefully , we can push for real change .
let 's hope the ndp / green coalition of 2017 do n't turn out to be closet corporatists as well , and that they get something meaningful done about the province 's devastating housing crisis once and for all ... aka close the door on foreign ownership of residential real estate ( and farmland ) .
sitting in this hot ass classroom ghetto af 🥱
rt @adampacitti : he 's gonna fucking do it .
you all doubted me .
hype . #
wrestlemania
exactly but if a white < number > years ago defended himself against a black attack then it is an epidemic
is this what gays do    url
funny how a lot of people on here try to put the blame for their failure of a life on certain other people .
anything to deflect from the fact that they alone are responsible for their life .
these type people are losers.100 % losers .
the end goal is public acceptance of open in the streets cannibalism of a freshly murdered and raped infant once we accept we are their food and toys we will have been progressed
at this point his dick already out imma yank and squeeze the shit out of that muhfucka see if it 's funny then biiitch .
then kick him when he 's down for being a trash ass person all around
it much simpler than that bro he a shit tier hasbara kike playing the muh freedom loving white man lol same old routine with these clowns
now that not very nice you should think about what you have done about those sand niggers they are winning look at them with strong ruthless men and we are losing with women and feminized men tells you a bit about how nature rewards things
pussy bitch
what do you call 369 transgender individuals killed this year ?
a good start
i would like to volunteer a rafting service for reintegrating immigrants and their kids they can travel together free of charge across the rio grande or tijuana rivers to mexico
i raped a sheep because it sneezed at a pig
minorities do nt matter to them they re safe
@ghostofthor same energy as the " you dont look indian stop lying about being south asian " cc
little did i know the next three days would be the absolute worst days of my life how wild is that https://t.co/px1fanbdg5
straights gay people are not even bullied or in danger anymore can we stop with these gay rights in reality me breathes triggered cis white male you fucking faggot i will fuck you up you are going to burn in hell you fucking sissy fuck faggot i d murder you all if i could
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
... and that 's how losers compensate for their small penis folks
she screams insecurity more than the n word .
it was more mainstream media bullshit to put the < number > white girls that were groomed gang raped and murdered by muslims in telford in the shade
china is america 's bitch .
they make us what we want them to make us when we want them to make it and they give us money whenever we tell them to without us ever having to pay them back .
just think about that for a second .
and if you think america is scared of china at all just remember that tiny little japan fucks china up whenever they feel like it .
actually ... china is sort of the world 's bitch .
reason being : china ( although being an amazing country with an amazing cultural history ) is their own worst enemy for many reasons .
bunch of halfwit hoes and dullard ass niggas
oh the petty little man in power ..... his brand of hatred and intolerance is the good kind so he merrily denies those appointments who disagree with him and gets a media pass ...... justin is the worse most divisive pm we have ever seen .
his intolerant views are the test every issue is judged by .
he truley is an intolerant manchild who sees only his view ..... truly sickening .
i found my first genuine retard on gab
i feel so bad for my girlfriend because my twitter account it logged in on her phone and my notifs are poppin right now
marxist bolshevik elements on the left have clearly indicated via various news reports that they will resort 2 any form of violence if necessary they really do not care how they r perceived by the general public < user > point all they want is 2 preserve their obamanation at all costs basedstickman
i would like to not come here anymore 
 but you people are my only social interactions
russia has compromising info on everyone , including the real perpetrators of 9/11 .
as new information keeps being released , the powers - that - were will experience a long and painful fall into irrelevance .
besides , spying is the 2nd oldest profession after you know what !
you 're a christian if you 're absolutely sure you 're going to heaven when you die and you know that being a good person wo n't get you there .
god does n't care about our works they are like filthy rags to him ( for our salvation that is ) .
jews were banned from american social organizations up until the marxist civil rights movement in the 1 9 6 0 the church banned jews from christian society for almost < number > years even romans and greek kept you dogs away from polite society are you retarded or what
it so hard to be white yet so easy to be a black nigger
agree .... we ought not to eagerly rush to appease before the facts are on the table .... u.s. overproduction is a major issue ... the other issue is the growth hormones they give to livestock ... i would not want that in my dairy products even if i do pay more for milk and cheese .
america we need and have to take our nation back from these communist and jihad muslims in the white house .
instagram stories will now be getting their own stories and then those stories will have their own lil babies stories
and i m a go back in time and kill ur lil girlfriend too .
stupid .
do n't hoe around next time den smh .
i hate 13 year olds
" a good day " is a short phase of complete mental imbalance 
 objective perception of reality = depression and anxiety
men are trash .
there .
i said it .
if ya nigga ever say that bitch ain t yo friend you better believe him 💯 😭
my sex partner asked me if she was the only one i 've been with ........ i said i 'd been with a couple 4 and 5 's .
this is a spin off of a joke i read today :)
he a faget i got shootters that would fuck him up they deleted my insta kus i came at this nigga
> if a woman wants to ruin a man , all she has to do is say he raped her .
as soon as she does the man might as well quit his job , leave his family , abandon all his property , and go straight to jail .
usually , since it comes down to a case of his word against mine , the man is sentenced to jail time , even if the woman ca n't prove that there was an actual rape lol wtf are you talking about ?
typical alt - right incel bullshit .
agreed .
relationships would be much better without any men .
@msaleh14 listen i 'm not sexist but no girl should be the man in a relationship
love that sleeveless dress .
it makes it easier to pull down to squeeze her tits or pull up to eat her pussy
fucking idiot , its how they are raised , complete dumbass
… shades of charlotsville .
< user > there r < number > muslim countries how many countries for hindus sikh jain buddhist more than < number > million refugees we have and we already accepted < number > million so cut ur crap and please ask some muslim countries too to take there responsibility as muslim nation
my patreon is acting weird .
just got a monthly payment ( yay ! )
but when i go to " how i get paid " , it says i need to become a creator .
my promiscuity was encouraged , then they called me a tramp !
women challemge me .
grrrrrr .
i want to know why we are sending our young men women to these sand nigger countries to be killed why we are spending billions over there and letting them come here to destroy us
you 're going to bend 14 year old white girls over ?
😲 /s
shut the fuck up pagan faggot
you 're fucking high 7 in 10 ?
more like 100 % of children are sexual abused by family , friends or neighbors or at school or anywhere else .
show me a female that has n't been abused and i 'll give you two flying pigs .... " choke me so i can get off and call you daddy "
blacks invented reading
niggas be so dehydrated if i wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen
yeah since your more likely to be killed by someone you know and most of america is pretty segregated .
blacks kill more blacks and whites kill more whites
@oliviatooley5 @emgrebz @mollypop732 lgbt community
naw it probably nigger obama fault shift the blame ok i blame the jews whatever please quit the bitch fit with azz it clogging up my gab feed and it retarded thanks
cold lamb mm the bone will be put in the slow cooker overnight with some beef carrots onions celery for a stewy soup
suck my dick and die
" so interesting to see ' progressive ' democrat congresswomen , who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe , the worst , most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world ( if they even have a functioning government at all ) , now loudly and viciously telling the people of the united states , the greatest and most powerful nation on earth , how our government is to be run . "
more : trump tells congresswomen to ' go back ' to the ' crime infested places from which they came ' . "
how on earth is this racist ? !
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
y all keep saying men are trash bitches ain t shit white people racist black people ghetto when you know literally < percent > of the world
yes , he was .
he got the dirt in dirty ways .
houston tv just showed a company of us marine corps lvtp7 amphibious personnel carriers rolling north on the gulf freeway near dickinson .
i feel like this hoe owe me something .. ,
how much does it cost taxpayers for their medical care at jail ?
is it gay to have sex with your own clone
" go bigger .
bust that faggot pussy . "
url
do not ban islam just make supporting political islam embarrassing if you do support it you are labelled a parvenu a numbskull a thicko a moron make it not just unacceptable but laughable < number > virgins in heaven for killing virgins how stupid are you you poor thing manchester
how does every black joke start ?
by looking over your shoulder .
what do you get when throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtqbbq
prince harry announces wedding , i 'm sure his dad is very excited by the news , and i 'm sure prince charles is as well ...
sorry , i tend not to get caught up in the petty " socialist " arguments that are important to progressives and conservatives because they are , in general , fruitless and unproductive .
" socialism " is a spectrum , not a black and white thing .
by nature , government itself is a socialist enterprise .
what you guys really argue about is simply a matter of degree .
that 's why i laugh when the right says " that 's socialist " and the left says " socialism is good . "
that 's why you 're able to take wealthy western capitalist countries and declare them to be " socialist , " whereas places like venezuela , niger , albania ,   or mongolia are n't used as examples for unexplained reasons -- even though they very accurately fit the definition of " socialism " that you are using .
why is that " socialism " only tends to work great in wealthy western capitalist countries ?
vietnam had " universal health care " in the 70 's , but that did n't seem to help them .
china too .
it was capitalism that changed everything .
do you accept barack obama as your white brother meghan markle as your white sister and yet your step brother or step sister is treated as your bio family right we accept them as part of black fam but most caucasians do not accept half whites as white fam sad
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
how about " the man is a bigoted , racist , misogynistic narcissist for whom ' truth ' is whatever is convenient for him at the moment " ?
is that specific enough for you ?
that biotch just made another anti - semitic anti - jew resolution ... so yes , she must go back !
ilhan is nothing more than a dam racist !
anyone who is selling men 's chockers lol i mean those tuma neck belts :p :p . . . . .
inbox me asap # xakitili
they want a woman who they 're heckling to rip their shirt open , exposing two machine guns instead of boobs , and shoot at them ?
coming from a women point of view i 've had both and one that has been clipped feels a lot better to me and what i 've heard from my friends same for them ones that are n't clipped just feels weird and they smell gross with in 30 mins outta the shower so they sure hell never got a blow job from me and they also look gross 90 % of women think they look nasty and i had my sons clipped because his a baby he ca nt makes choices i do n't want him made fun of cause his penis looks different then anyone else 's but hey people have there ways and this is my way i could honestly care less what you or anyone else thinks on how i raise my child and what decision i make on his health or body his my son not anyone else 's .
practiced in a fuckin hailstorm today yo i ve never been so cold
time for a recession in usa , been 10 years since last one , so we are due and is normal part of the cycle .
that should keep trump tweeting if so !
if you go to an island .. you do n't just go to the beach .
that 's fine too , but what 's important is seeing the people , the culture & amp ; lifestyle
why work with the blinders off when it so much more fun to expect everyone else to find the answers for you .
# health ... yo - ho - ho and a bottle of # rum !
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
thanks , everyone .
sometimes stuff gets to me when it should n't .
small things .
i should be stronger .
enjoying the cute animal pictures .
how do you feel about minorities ?
no doubt about it islam is to blame every time some murdering muzrat claims he or she did it for some group it is to deflect the blame from the real culprit islam piss be upon it
what s with this creepy pirate following me around and singing wtf fucking queer
bruh everyone knows to start in saudi arabia those people go every where
you 're fucking high 7 in 10 ?
more like 100 % of children are sexual abused by family , friends or neighbors or at school or anywhere else .
show me a female that has n't been abused and i 'll give you two flying pigs .... " choke me so i can get off and call you daddy "
muslim goathumping shit should have his eyes put out with a burning poker
let me first say , i am a white canadian , born in canada , and i do not , and never will feel 
 ashamed of what someone in government did 225 years ago , don't be so stupid , 
 indians losing there culture ?
residential schools , , tell us why these children were taken from their homes , lets assume the year was 1965 and a child was removed from there home why , on 
 what grounds , was the child abused ? ?
a victim of sexual abuse , , ? ?
was the child   deserted by his parents , ? ? ? ? ?
there are never any answers only finger pointing 
 at the bad , white man /// if those in the various church 's abused those children then 
 they the church 's or any other organization should be held responsible , why 
 me ? ? ?
i am tired of the native community blanning everthing of the white man , what did the native community do to help these children , , nothing '' ' 
 so now it is my fault , , throw the book at those who abused those children 
 put them all in jail , , and to the natives , don't blane me , blame these kids 
 parents , ,
black women in prostitution who use iv drugs are where the spread is now .
needle exchange stops that .
immorality , of course , is millions of years old .
it predates religion._the article is about female ordination and gay marriage among other things .
gay marriage means monogamy , not stds .
female ordination means men need to behave better in the church .
a plus .
what does roman catholic have to do with jews were not the catholics the crusaders we need to fight the arabs not the jews not yet anyway
" my confidence comes from deciding for myself . "
@ditavonteese was joined by @goldilockslg , founder of @thesexed , at the wing la for a convo on the intersection of sexuality & business & why being in touch with your sexuality can be key to how we move through every facet of life .
url
asian american sex workers on the frontlines of xenophobia , sexism , racism .
this powerful dominatrix is one of our community heroes .
url
he is so oppressed nike is selling his shoes to his ghetto brothers for only < number >
< user > < user > hi i hate asians
girls like bad boys because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them girls like gay men because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them i am seeing a link here are not all bad boys just closet homosexuals
it 's the extreme of humans .
most extremists are shit people .
they 're just using a religion to justify their actions .
# health ... yo - ho - ho and a bottle of # rum !
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
you women move too fast
psych professor why are white young females most likely to suffer from migraines me under my breath cause hoes mad
niggas will talk to bitches that only use them and have nothing to offer but pussy and throat .
the koch brothers are notorious shysters with a brutal track record of polluting the environment !
besides , in the oil sands game , an investment of $ 800 million or 10 bbl is a tiny investment !
the oil sands will be better off without them !
now we see that he did wrong should kept on treating them like arabs the real big slave tradors do until today hunted in the medieval even slaves in southern europe came up to geneva by the way
estimated savings to the funding committee .
any changes that include employee positions must meet two criteria .
1 .
if a position no longer needed , same job class vacancy not refilled by attrition .
2 .
if a position   no longer needed train in same job class to needed tasks .
these changes and estimated savings reviewed for approval by the funding task force .
if approved funding chair and dept . ,
heads present plan to state for approval and implementation ear marking each saved related $ $ for mh funding .
every state of oregon department to participate with process improvement team to examine wasted department processes .
when mh funding pool accomplished additional savings ear marked for general fund or areas of governors choice .
chair and funding task force disbanded once sustainable mh funding pool in place .
speed driven by number of process improvement consultants / trainers all paid via % of actual $ $ saved .
state processes filled with waste , the savings are there will or do right .
americanpatriotdaily.com/featured/entire-team-knelt-for-anthem/ … after the texans threw their america - hating hissy fit during the anthem , they lost the game to the seahawks 41 - 38 .
http://akhouse.org/gara/docs/feb2017-dor-oil-giveaway-report.pdf
niggas are dumb as fucc idc
< user > < user > she s so hot
she 's a nun , dude .
you ca n't marry nuns .
and once again stop self inserting on asta .
this is getting pathetic .
> i do n't know what you mean by sjw boogeyman .
parroting the insult " incel " without meaning > the low testosterone thing seems like something those types would spout and i do n't think mgtow and incels are evil just they 'd say some shit about low test . "
it seems like" ... lmao do you even know what an incel is ?
an incel is low test af as well .
and in fact their taste of girls generally is narrowed down to sweet , unassuming girls .
you 're completely off the mark .
greatamericandaily.com/trump-shut-down-schumer-and-pelosi-with-two-tweets/ … i hope trump 's tweets are matching his words .
why is tumblr bad for your health ?
it 's full of transfats
trump is against women and non - white people voting now ?
and the pitifultruth is that when german women got to good to have german families the damned ragheads come in and rape them
just waking up .
holy christ i sleep alot .
anyways expect a vid next week for sure hope everyone understands .
why did it take the " property manager " 26 days to discover the squatter and two missing cars ?
must be one of those ' executive services ' .
niggas cry and complain so much i am starting to think you all the real females in the relationship 💀
john 3:16   " for god so loved the world , that he gave his only son , that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life . #
willwednesday   @apostlemmwangui
excellent commentary .
agree 100 % .
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
whether or not these sour grapes democrats decide to attend   the inaugaration or not is really insignificant .
maybe they could march with all the man hating feminists as well .
i expect that congresspersons john lewis and maxine waters will   keep up their race hustling along with the rest of the black caucus keeping black people fearful , angry , resentful , and hating whitey to keep them on the democrat voting block to put these parasites in office to live high on the hog off the government .
on january 20th , 2017 donald trump will be the 45th president of the united states .
their beloved president obama is n't going away though .
he will resume his community organizing domestically as a race hustler keeping black people on the democrat voting block as a dependency class .
and he will go on the speaking circuit internationally getting very rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the united nations in order to save the planet from glo - bull warming
jihad is voorgeschreven in de islamitische geschriften elke moslim is hiertoe verplicht dit hoeft niet altijd gewelddadig te zijn maar kan ook via rechtszaken leegzuigen social stelsel afdwingen privileges infiltratie enz
< user > the homosexual alcoholic or self isolated homosexual
i 'd love too mmmm i 'd use that cum as lube on my cock and fuck your ass hard .
@iveenakhan most dumbest person i have seen .
i think you should join mia khalifa and get black penis in your mouth .
now ashmit patel also not give you india penis .
audrey , first of all i would like to say " you are welcome " .
i am a mom of a wounded canadian soldier , who like many left behind their children and loved ones to ensure you and others like you will always have the right to express your opinion no matter how outrages it sounds to us the parents of our young men and women of the military , but in saying that before voicing your opinion , get your facts straight , or at least educate yourself   on the acronym of the military , speers was not a col . (
colonel ) , he was a sergeant 1st class .
he graduated from combat medical specialist course , that in my books makes him a medic .
you also forgot i suppose to mention that after khadr killed sgt .
1st class speers and wounded another , it was an american medic who gave him ( khadr ) medical attention , saving his sorry ass , so he could stick it to the canadian people , with the help of the idiot some canadians call pm . (
that would be prime minister ) in case you did n't know .
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
it the natural order in apfrica and the me for the men to literally sit around and have the women do the work look at any coffee shop in minneapolis or other cities infested by zoomalis bantus or arabs and you will see it
rt @yuuyaa0 : guys be going out every weekend and say they want a girl that does n't go out & # 128514 ; fucking hypocrites
i want to have 3 children !
2 girls and 1 boy but the hardest part now is i got to try and find someone to make them with , but so far no luck
stop fucking publishing april fool 's content before april 1st .
your brand is n't benefiting , you just look fucking thirsty .
dis nigga daddy shoulda just shot him and his brova on the fucking sheet or his mova shoulda just swallowed that nut cuz these niggas is a waste of fucking space
just a reminder than pansexuality is being attracted to someone regardless of gender .
gender does n't play a role , it 's just about the person .
bisexuality is being attracted to two or more genders because of their gender .
gender does play a role .
that 's the difference .
🤗
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
because these cucks will blame anyone but themselves for their inability to get their dicks wet .
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i
canada 's forest industry is in vast decline because of lack of diversification , little or no home - grown research , declining export markets and competition from usa , scandinavia and south america .
now all easy western forests have been destroyed ,   mountain production is expensive .
many mills have closed .
sustainability is just a word .
local towns have become depopulated .
non - logging uses like tourism , parks and rec are starved for funds .
parks are run down , and e.g. not one large provincial park has been added on the west coast for decades despite line - ups of tourists .
much of the former lands are being broken up and sold for residential lots !
governance is historically dominated by companies , almost half of which are american .
the 6 ( ? )
senate reports are just toots in the provincial wind .
the trump stuff is only a pimple on a sick industry .
a massive portion of american workers numbering in the tens of millions are working for poverty wages in the wealthiest nation in the world .
it is truly an amazing disgrace .
no matter your job in society , you deserve decency , you deserve a living wage .
you deserve a wage that will allow you to put food on the table , provide shelter for you and your family , go to the doctor when you are sick , and even take a vacation every now and then .
every worker deserves the dignity of a living wage and until we decide to provide that dignity the entire nation will continue to suffer .
any citizen who would like america to be great should insist that every worker earn a living wage .
black lives matter could literally kidnap torture and try and kill a helpless white retarded person and blm supporters would defend it oh wait a minute maga gabfam
irt tempmanoa , explain why the fta can withhold 1/2 billion $ from the c&c of honolulu until the city presents a financial plan to complete the rail ?
and , a sf federal judge can rule in opposite that the federal government " can not " withhold funds for sanctuary cities not conforming to federal law .
what is the difference ?
auwe .
trump 's white house has binary credibility .
for a great many , it simply never had any to begin with .
for his few ardent supporters ,   and for gop supporters unwilling to face up to the reality until they 've gotten their policy goals satisfied , there is no information that can be a " hit " on trump 's credibility , because there is no source that they will believe who would ever say something negative about him .
this collab was a pleasure to participate in .
thank you @noicedrinkz for hosting the collab and thank you to everyone who made entries !
did anyone see that bus crash in china ?
whatever she said to the driver certainly drove him over the edge
our song must have been the worst thing we ever did to the jews ...
it 's sad that lgbt rights are a political issue .
it should be basic , granted , given !
but i am loving this from taylor swift ! !
url
not sure what your point is .
i condemn any type of unlawful violence , what i m saying is that a group of racists with a history of acts of violence , murder and terrorism do nt get formal protection for going out onto the syreets and promoting that same hate and violence , just like antifa does nt get protections from acting unlawfully and promoting violence and calling that free speech .
lawful demonstrations , free and anonymous voting rights , promoting meaningful discussion , those deserve protections from people like the kkk and antifa alike
lol you think some dumb sand nigger is gon na know the difference between whites and jews like ben shapiro when they are killing off the last whites
heads up displays are not new
america has turned into pussy grabber nazi land .
congratulations .
potbelly has a good product .
the store at university hills in denver has won my business .
but alas ! !
indian ipcs 354 , 376 , 509 , shwp all are one sided , women - centered , anti - male ; do n't recognize female sex predators preying on adult men ! !
adam , what do you mean you were teased ? - [
url
you sound like that fattest fucking virgin i 've ever seen .
your cringe as fuck and will stay alone forever with your 4 inch chode that busts within 2 minutes of wanking with your 2 fingers .
they 're just angry tradcuck virgins mad that white women do n't wanna fuck them .
that 's why they 're so obsessed with miscegenation , interracial marriage , and demographic changes .
you 're a little bitch .
go make some more knuckle babies in your parent 's basement .
sadly , that is always the case .
i continue to laugh at those that claim that new spain / mexicans owned america before the europeans .
the current native americans ( basically , our indian tribes ) were in the 10s of millions all the way up to 100 million .
something like 50 % of these were wiped out by european diseases , but regardless , new spain / mexico kept trying to invade into what is now america and they never had more than 50 k max here .
otoh , the indians never numbered less than 1 m until after all of the west became part of america and we took over the indian wars .
as such , when i saw that some tribe of mexico ( mexica ) was celebrating here for ' indegenous ppl ' , i had to laugh .
they were the ones that never made it here , but tried by killing far more than the whites ever did .
i remember when i got called an incel and got told boys ca n't be raped 🙃
/r / okcupid " men , let 's talk about how much easier we have it than women when it comes to everything else "
this has nothing to do with what 's between your legs .
unless you think you 'd accidentally shoot yourself in your twig and berries ... then i guess you would technically become less of a man ... physiologically anyway ...
america is supposed to be home to free speech except there is one problem most of the platforms are privately owned by jews and the jews could not care less about your free speech wake up white people the jews control what you see and hear be vigilant
this black girl too fine damn
i had just about every fucking appliance needed .
these $ 100 + fucking custom curtains this lady name for me .
it 's spelled whiteaker js
hoes gone be hoes . #
dontbemad
so , now that we know the liberals have sold us out , what happens next ?
does the g - g have to get involved to sort it out ?
@rudraakshii @thevict0ria bloody feminists , never take the responsibility of their actions instead blame men for all their bad doings fuck off .
do you think the chad stereotype in the media ( movies , social media , advertisements , etc ) have warped the perception of women on what the majority of men actually look like ?
it 'll never get built so might as well forget about it and move on .
surprised he could even do anything with all the cocks in his ass and in his mouth .
it the current year and blacks in africa are still eating albinos because they think it gives them magical powers altright
it kills me when men say women should take " i 'd fuck her " as a compliment and not objectification when men will literally fuck an apple pie .
@annvandersteel we should pull the nukes .
then watch them ask for them back .
trump 's a joke ... 

 people who support this man child are so gullible .
antimony is the element of sloth .
the people of the antimony nation are capable of adapting to many things .
they are peaceful and rich .
discuss in this thread where the fuck we 're going to go when we get banned in the next week .
" ... nothing has changed and children are still not safe within this system " 
 i have to disagree .
it is my contention that the safest time to take a commercial flight is after an attack .
security is intense .
i suspect that this is the case within the church with regards to children , irrespective of our dis - satisfaction with the church response .
the church is " afraid " of children ; to show warmth , and that too is sad .
love hearing an inferior fag bitch sub slut choke on an alpha 's dick ... its music to my ears .. url
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
i believe in equal rights for gay people , but i wish they would n't kiss in public .
it 's gross .
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
china is not actually communist .
do n't be fooled by the name .
the bishops fire homosexuals who are in active relationships .
paragraph 2358 of the ccc says , 

 " the number of men and women who have deep - seated homosexual tendencies is not negligible .
this inclination , which is objectively disordered , constitutes for most of them a trial .
they must be accepted with respect , compassion , and sensitivity .
every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided . "
obviously , the bishops feel that firing gays is " just discrimination " .
i would disagree .
interesting comment dunny .
quite a few years ago i was in this group ( mostly women except for me ) and this one woman who was a fairly vocal feminist ( not in an obnoxious way , but everyone knew where she stood ) happened to mention how unfair it was that women had to pay more for annuities than men .
having worked at a life insurance company at one point , i understood how these things worked .
since women on average live longer than men , they ended up paying more .
so , foolish me , i assumed she was talking about getting rid of gender as a ratings criteria .
so i observed that obviously men would then stop paying more for life insurance ( living shorter lives , etc . ) .
oh no , she replied , that 's completely different .
that has informed my opinion of feminism and in the 25 or so years that have passed since then , i 've never seen or heard a single thing to contradict it .
surveying gender is easy because there 's only male and female .
is shorting twitter a better investment than # bitcoin # projectveritas
# planetsaqarnibiruplanetx " from the awaited mahdi to the leaders of the sectarian parties , and the political parties , and to all muslims among the worlds .. " url * = - * * * indonesia jakarta narkoba nathan mtvhotttest boris johnson " run bts " apollo50th apollo50
why do you immediately connect anti - black and anti - catholicism to white 's and white right 's politics ?
that 's a bit unjustified , thinking only whites have domain over racism against black peoples or anti - catholicism .
you are confusing ghetto niggas with christian blacks if you do not see a difference it because you have not associated with many christian blacks but then why would you you are an atheist you and i do share the common goal of stopping more anti white mongrels from invading america though
yes it is , especially places where people get a chance to attack other people .
lots of men are into your type .
do n't take their comments to heart .
people would ask me if i was trans all the time in high school , i just learned those are n't the type of people i want to associate with .
@babsdraws ta dah :p ( also ... can i get the name of the anime for the black short haired girlll ) url
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
y'all need to fuck smart and be educated about sex .
you wo n't catch a disease for fucking 100 different people who are disease free but you definitely gon na catch something for fucking 1 person with an std / hiv .
url
muzzies should be kicked out of the usa these barbarian goathumpers and wifebeaters add nothing to american society send them back to the shithole they came here from they are her for the free stuff and have on intention of assimilating
it ain t even noon yet and niggas lying
i am really sick of these retarded liberal scumbag cucks that want to destroy america
probably just some antifa guys getting sustenance before their big protest at thomas square .
i prefer the term iconography and how many irl activism sesh have u faggots done that nigger attempt at propoganda yesterday gtfo w that happy horse shit
so no violence in the northern parts of nigeria
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
oh , please keep speaking with that " trump mantra " .
" it 's all rigged " has made trump a whiner ; which is setting up the uneducated voters to believe his bull .
the " free gov .
stuff " did not serve mitt romney well nor will it go far this election .
you are right in one thing .
trump is leading with " white , older , non college educated , males " .
every other group --- is voting for hillary .
oh , yeah it is all rigged !
how foolish !
fdr imprisoned americans of japanese descent .
truman dropped two atomic bombs on japan .
jfk backed the failed invasion of cuba .
lbj 's falsehoods formed the basis of the gulf of tonkin resolution .
the u.s. is going to have a lot of " urban renewal projects " will all the statues being tumbled ....
you hoes need to act your face
personality matters in attraction just as much as lyrics in a song do 
 if you hate how it sounds no lyrics will change that
mfw < allcaps > ¯\_(ツ ) _ / ¯ having first child with wife .
go to dr with wife for ultrasound .
dr is scanning around .
< repeat > asking what everything is .
< repeat > " so , doc , what gender is it ? " "
we do n't know anon we have to wait until xir identifies itself as . " "
xir might not even be human .
we also have to wait until xir identifies which species it is too . "
couple months later .
< repeat > trans gender / trans species doctor is delivering baby .
hours later baby comes out .
notice penis .
i scream , " it 's a boy ! "
getting smug looks from all around .
get thrown out of hospital .
wife divorces me because i ' m a sexist , gender assuming scumbag .
in divorce court .
< repeat > told i have to pay alimony and child support but do n't get to see my child at all because i might corrupt xir .
ten years later .
< repeat > finally got to see my child .
xir identifies itself as a human boy .
mfw < allcaps > ¯\\\_(ツ ) _ / ¯
those 4 witches wanne destroy the country ... all somalians hate america 🤡
thousands of children fathered illegally by priests would eventually be able to call them " father "   ( not in the way they have their sheeps call them father ) instead of " uncle " .
and their partners would have a husband who takes responsability .
and all these lies could stop ...
.@blackopal80 are you a feminist ?
@wildearthur
[ joking ] science sheds light on viral sexism ... man - flu confirmed ?
" most ugly men are ugly on the inside too "
" in other words , good advice is sometimes feminine , " ravasi said . "
in the vatican that is a new discovery . "
the problem is that women have always given exactly the same kind of advice as men .
women & men do not see the world differently , as most people to not decide things with their private parts unless the question is do i want sex or not .
the   truth : the cardinal & the pope still want to treat sexism as though it were a culture issue & not the human justice & human dignity issue that it is .
women deserve , from birth , like men , in the catholic church , to have the same access to all sacraments because they are equally capable , equally called by god , and equally worthy for ordination as men are , and this is true regardless of the fact that women are just as good at doing all the other things men are equally capable of doing , of which this cardinal mentioned .
we do n't say men should not be allowed to lector because they are allowed to do other ministries .
no vote = slavery .
we have been told we need immigrants to help with our economy complete bollocks most of them are low skilled and are on benefits another lie by the establishment to flood us with people we do not want or need
what 's the difference between a preschool girl and a trans person ?
i can actually sell the girl on the slave market 

 no one wants to buy the tranny
ridiculous , you 've been spending too much time on anti - muslim websites .
modern , educated muslims know that not all the writings are to be interpreted literally just as christians are aware enough to ignore the more violent and irrelevant parts of the bible .
you 're following her too dumbass .
if you say that you 're not following her for her naked pics and do n't want to fuck her , you 're lying out of your ass .
fucking sperg lol
why is tumblr bad for your health ?
it 's full of transfats
off topic sjw 's try to convice a man that he should accept being lied to by a transgender " women " who still has a penis " because " you liked " her " before , but now she has a penis , so you should try " i disagreed .
keep going --- and your solution is --- to go out and get all the guns .
that 's what democrats really want .
do you really think american 's would give up their guns ?
they want us to be like england where you ca n't even own a b b gun .
alaska probably has more guns per household than any other state .
so why , with it 's strict gun laws -- is chicago the worst city in america ?
or a bigger question --- why do democrats scream about controlling guns when a mass murder happens yet when dozens are killed every week by blacks against other blacks in chicago they do n't utter a word ?
democrats jump to blame the nra yet say nothing about the blacks doing all the killing in chicago .
why do n't those black lives matter to democrats , black lives matters ,   al sharpton , jesse jackson , obama or the national media .
those deaths in chicago amount to more than all the mass shootings put together in six months .
last --- what 's your solution to ending mass shootings other than offering meaningless stats ?
sexy body i want to play with them tits and fuck you .
if anyone is interested in a meet up please feel free to pm me so we can set something up we are now in toronto and st catharines .
we should teach our children not to discriminate on the basis of race .
but that does n't mean we should teach them to be colorblind — sometimes it 's important to recognize that somebody else 's experience of life is different from your own .
being the only poor kid is tough .
being the only black kid is tough too .
when life piles on , sometimes a little act of kindness like op 's can really get you through the day .
and the lesson is that the only just king of the white race is christ the only path to a white nation is his coming kingdom
yes , i hope and pray that my country will stay clean as long as possible .
you completely missed it , my man .
a porsche - really !
you and i both know there will be people who will earn more than others , but that does n't one better than the other .
again , you missed it .
identity politics - really ?
that 's , my point .
people should not be identified by color , but as americans or citizens - whatever suits you .
we 're saying the same thing .
wow ! ! !
remove the attitude and maybe we can move forward as citizens or americans - whatever suits you .
at least we 're having the conversation .
this is real conversation .
keep it coming !
coming from a dude here , those people are nt men , they 're cunts .
same with the women who do this .
cunts too .
true mountain peaks , but had not an armed person been in attendance , how much worse would it have been ?
columbine , the aurora theatre , the list goes on and on of soft targets where these people strike by design .
people trained with guns are walking all around colorado in great numbers with ccw 's , and it 's increasing in number .
unlike the liberal outcry that legalizing ccw 's would lead to more problems when it was proposed over 10 years ago , they have not been shown to be a problem .
the media does n't print just how many in incidents where law abiding citizens have foiled armed criminals , it does n't fit their agenda .
it 's not the lawful gun owner i worry about , it 's the criminal who is armed that is the greater worry .
stripping the law abiding for the sake of the criminal is not exactly sound reasoning .
deal with the criminal , but do n't leave a good law abiding man or woman and perhaps their family at the armed criminal 's mercy in my opinion .
cops come afterwards as i learned .
would you please strive to read more carefully before you jump down people 's throats about something .
< user > sorry i am not a queer and if i was it be with a negro
i 'd find it easier to forgive the man for killing my dog in my front yard if he was laid out next to my dog and growing cold .
eye for an eye .
okay it needs to be said she 's a fucking disgusting bitch
what is worse than hitler , stalin , mao nd polpot put together that stupid chadbot
never heard of them , but give me a few of their song titles so i can download and have a listen .
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
🗣 this is the fifth consecutive increase in hate crimes year over year in the united states .
🗣 only 36 states have hate crime laws that apply to lgbtq+ people specifically .
🗣 this year alone , 12 black trans women have been murdered .
url
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
i did not see any reliable sources , that connect leon trotski and lenin to the freemasons .
replace white people , i hate them
you mean how us investors are now suing ontario through nafta ( and then the government of canada ) after their windmill plans are being scuttled .
you mean like that ?
hail!im just looking for like minded white brothers and sisters from arond my area to meet or anyone else for that matter .
hope to hear from you .
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
< user > where in new york was this taken white supremist nazi radical evangelical bigoted pos road rage waiting to happen
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
this thread covered some of the same ground as the northern ireland thread , but was proceeding without flames .
the election should be decided by illegal immigrants in california .
@johnackermann @matuajustin lmao .
some may have been born boys but they are all bitches now !
i mean no offense to the women .
just those antifa scumbags
hey if the left want refugees so bad over here bring on the swedish blondes lol
why do dudes have to play the " you 're not serious , just wanting to fight " card when women call them out on solutions with ill consequences ?
its a clone of nadler acting up they are notoriously unhealthy .
its god trying to abort him .
gods draining the swamp .
f nadler i hope he dies and his fam is burried with him like slaves were i egypt so his line dies off .
hey , step bro , you wanna , like , have sex with me ?
well , sure , if you incest
a bitch gone suck this dick
@scmxclxmpz i pressed you nigga fytb shut ya bitch ass up too i 'll beat you tf up on god you ca n't spell neither dumb ass bitch niggas say u sound like a 7 year old so stfu bitch u ass and you can run my series on bro 🗣 ( block list )
of course this muzrat actually looks like a rat is trying to cause trouble the brexit marchers will be blamed for the trouble and then a ban will be put on any future brexit or free tommy marches
do not even talk to this nigger < user > you do not have to defend a thing to him jesus he calling our men dickriders ffs everyone knows that black males do nothing but dickride does anyone even know what that means it sounds nasty
hahahahahahahahaahahahahahhahahah .... now that is the most desperate smear on the ( white ) male i have ever seen .
as i have stated before icon - hogwash ( slimy , filthy and stinky ) .
childish name calling , racist to top that .
why do yo embarass america this way ?
oh , and for your informaton , only congress has the authority to reopen the area .
the peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient incans how to make it .
@shelbyndiaz @monikaalynn _ @cmclymer @realdonaldtrump look faggot do n't forget your still a guy i 'll whip your ass
let me guess you are a uneducated yank that believes everything the media says you probably never left the country .
you probably think all muslims are bad .
< user > not the young male coons sand niggers and snowflakes these have no dependents no jobs no standing in the society free to wreak havoc upon the society
an hour later : " wow a man looked at my breasts , i felt so humiliated , men are trash and pedophiles and sexist and homophobic and terrorists and drug dealers "
.@knux1995 no , no ... this is my view on how to move equality forward .
must root out those who claim equality while working against it .
“ go get cake elsewhere ” 
 is not a consideration in the case .
you , want to say they are jerks for suing for their rights ?
super .
that is not a consideration .
all you are doing is whining .
how is the baker participating in the wedding ?
no baker participated in my wedding .
what if only one of the gays showed up and orderedthe wedding cake ?
what if the guy who showed up was marrying a man named kim .
the gay man orders an elaborate , custom wedding cake that has says on it , “ congratulations on your wedding , john and kim . ”
the baker would not refuse to do that because he would not know it was for a gay wedding .
is the baker going to go to hell ?
the problem is the baker is a really bad christian and has weird beliefs .
religion religion is not an excuse to discriminate .
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
gay ppl are destroying the black family but not your child molesting uncle ?
your deadbeat daddy ? ?
your abusive ass aunties ? ? ? ?
your third cousin with 7 kids , 12 baby mamas , 6 dwis and a warrant out for his arrest ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
< user > hopefully they are kept out looks like just a bunch of men they aren ’ t refugees
so what was your fap material today 
 just curious , neeed ideas :)))
sharing latina asian indian gf or wife .. i have a group just for that .. kik me on neemo84 bud ..
ewh fuckboy does n't deserve to live .
if you think hawaiis emergency alert system is bad , you should see their birth certificate system .
+ swaglord350 jews are importing blacks ?
lmao , now i 've heard everything !
you do recall a little episode in us history called " slavery " , do n't you ?
i 'm pretty sure all those slave - owners back in the day were not jews .
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
a reminder that catholics should not support or attend lgbtq " pride month " events held in june .
they promote a culture and encourage activities that are contrary to catholic faith and morals .
they are especially harmful for children .
this man killed children !
fucking children !
he was n't mentally ill !
he was a racist white supremacist who purposely drove 10 hr to kill minority 's .
he deserves the death penalty and to fucking rot in hell !
url
he said he would not make a custom cake for a gay wedding but he will make a custom cake for a heterosexual wedding .
it does not matter if he has served them before .
if a man comes in my shop and i do not murder him , that does not guarantee i will not murder him in the future .
what is the point ?
wow .
what if your wife was dying and needed emergency medical treatment and a doctor told you that he can not give treatment to a woman due to his religious beliefs ?
no big deal , just go find another doctor , right ?
would it bother you if the baker refused to serve white people ?
that is what he is asking the court to allow .
he wants to be able to legally discriminate based on his religion .
if true , i can argue that it is legal for me to sell my foreign neighbor into slavery .
the bible says it is okay .
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
erry nigga in da world wan put his face in yo ass .
ok we get it
yes !
well said !
lmfaoo sensitive pussys .
he sent the bitch home and y' all fags still crying .
< user > the duffers are too homophobic 😔
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
how did this retard get a 6 k gab score does it even know how to engrish
so far this year the left has opposed free speech called for violence against political enemies and opposes due process for boys on college campuses somehow that does not strike me as anti fascist
i bet men in their 70s shoot their cum to this little whore
communism can actually work on extremely small scales but once you scale above a commune it goes to shit fast if you disagree i will get my thumb width stick and islam some sense into you
< user > < user > personally idc about this will it does not matter at all however i think it three times uf dropped from < number > to < number > after beating the hillbilly
poor little sissy bitch , you 're trapped and utterly enslaved to me now .
😘   # mistress # sissy # femdom # strapon url
you 're the one claiming it has to do with dna ... your words , not mine .
that 's super racist .
it has nothing to do with dna you fucking moron .
japan is safe cause there are very few crimes committed in the country , while if you look at colombia , brazil , and south africa , they have murders on par with chicago .
it 's dangerous there because there are frequent murders , and a higher percentage of the people there commit violent crimes .
you ca n't possible be this stupid .
precisely and these nuances appear in all groups no sufi muslim will ever become a suicide bomber the most radical become whirling dervishes
y'all are weird .
a nigga can keep his finger nails clean & y' all will be down my timeline calling him gay for it .
url
this is inspiring !
good project and nice video showing the struggles of most members of the lgbtq community ♥
" grandstanding leaders never deliver , their fury mounts and mounts , and nevertheless they turn out every two years to return their right - wing heroes to office for a second , a third , a twentieth try .
the trick never ages ; the illusion never wears off .
vote to stop abortion ; receive a rollback in capital gains taxes .
vote to make our country strong again ; receive deindustrialization .
vote to screw those politically correct college professors ; receive electricity deregulation .
vote to get government off our backs ; receive conglomeration and monopoly everywhere from media to meatpacking .
vote to stand tall against terrorists ; receive social security privatization .
vote to strike a blow against elitism ; receive a social order in which wealth is more concentrated then ever before in our lifetimes , in which workers have been stripped of power and ceos are rewarded in a manner beyond imagining . "
— thomas frank , what 's the matter with kansas 

 and the cry goes up once more : " trump !
trump !
trump ! "
i agree there is a new aggressive ugly vile trend in pornography however it features white women being beaten raped sodomized degraded and pissed on often by blacks or mexicans while their white husbands watch nothing new i know but now it is more popular than ever not good
boyle is a fool but his wife not much less so .
what however i can not fathom , is the canadian media 's love affair with this truly stupid man ; and i now fully expect trudeau to offer him an out of court settlement of say $ 5 million for the suffering he endured at the hands of   - well some conservative somewhere in canada had to be involved somehow .
is it the same france , which is hobnobbing with al - qaeda , isis , and a dozen groups of terrorists in aleppo ?
when putin wants to crush terrorists , hollande refuses to talk to him .
boys is right ..... real men do not do this crap .
god must be a freewill man .
a female god would n't allow this freewill crap .
# teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage , child labor laws , unions , is pro - scab , sweatshop work - pretty much # slavery .
this is what happens when we let incels outside
no , it 's just a tax that provides for the public services workers receive while in the city -- streets , snow plowing , police / ambulance , etc .
stuff is n't free .
finally hollyweird is starting to practice what they preach at people .
absolutely agree @jordonsteele australian 's have been manipulated into a dystopian nightmare through an ongoing fear campaign against refugees immigration and anyone not fitting the white male image of superiority
would you please strive to read more carefully before you jump down people 's throats about something .
go fuck yourself too normie
these niggas ruined the < number > toyota supra image super bowl
i got ta pee so bad dawg i wish my suitemates would quit fucking playing
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
2 years of foreign language is mandatory to graduate from my school .
i 'm watching it happen .
i 'm watching the numbers climb .
this is bonkers . #
lawandordersvu
fuck whoever you want , just do n't be flirting with me if you got a dick .
why are non - white peoples allowed to be considered indigenous to africa & asia , but white people are n't   to europe ?
do not you love when nazi wannabes complain about israel because hey like we do not want them here but we do not want them there either stupidity
people must realize that these two qb 's are mediocre at best .
the broncos have to take their time picking one of them
if trump visits moscow first ..... well , justin ..... you're fired ... ! ! ! !
watch : former president @citiznmukherjee receives ' bharat ratna ' from president ram nath kovind url
white muthafuca he knows what he did his wife and kids need to die with him and the rest of his family for what he did hunt him down black people because you might be next in new york city ! ! !
easy , stop paying them out of cia black ops funding from the poppy fields of afghanistan
i do n't get it 
 trudeau must believe he did the morally right and legal thing giving khadr $ 10 million 
 so why would he want to keep the " domestic squabble " at home 
 - 
 would it not be more like him to advertise to the world that he did the morally right and legal thing ?
-- 
 seems like his conscience is bothering him
i wish there were more leftists here to argue with conservatives are fun for a while but after a time all you hear is a cacophony of muh based blacks meskins asians queers they are all merican
.@samharrisorg is on & # 128293 ; !
they 're 1st place in the # webbys people ’s voice .
give ‘ em some ❤ ️ + vote : https://t.co/6nbnidui3z /
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
i recall reading that when the muslim brotherhood was about to have a demonstration they would send a squad of muslim males and female s to the catholic church compound to protect the nuns and priests who were in residence .
this went on for a few years until the muslim brother hood was suppressed and went underground .
< user > < user > < user > < user > those people are dumb norway is less than < percent > the size of the states it like < percent > white and fairly culturally homogenous most of the immigrants come from white christian cultures it would be like trying to base national policy on some statistics about colorado
this is a joke all these guys must be desperate pussyfoot bitches
corporations : irrational , confused , meandering and believing their own hype
if you 're able to watch , cbc ( canada ) right now has a 1 hour special ( 8 - 9pm ) on the gender gap in tech and stem ... i needed a good laugh tonight , thanks cbc .
fuck me what a terrible game sooner greasy hook nose is gone the better
anyone who was spreading the splc lie that anglin had absconded with the legal fund donations should be looked upon with extreme suspicion and shunned i recall some faggot called < user > being very vocal about this
nigger please you do not have the first clue about anyting other than what white people tell you the same people that think you are a joke and uneducated house negro have you taken a moment to listen to yourself you are a shitass on top of that
this nigga asked me could i wash his clothes , tf yo clothes ?
wash em ?
tf outta here frfr 💯 i ca nt wash shit , do nt ask me for shit ong & no i dnt wanna fuck you foo bye 💯 💯
you like little cute dogs .
that 's feminine .
i suspect it is primarily white liberals that have been surprised by the level of racism and bigotry trump has managed to harness .
since i 'm black , i get reminded daily of the racism in my fellow americans .
one of the more subtle effects of racism is the constant concern minorities must have for the emotional fragility of most of the white people here .
if you are black and ignore that , you will never have peace , a job , or you freedom .
the truth is that as a nation we have not made peace with our racist heritage .
being polite became " political correctness " when us " others " demanded the same rights and freedoms that white males have .
for example , the 2nd amendment is a white privilege .
cops routinely kill black people on the suspension of being armed .
white men can attend political rallies while armed .
we have never had equal protection under the law .
i would pity the white people that are losers in globalization , if they did n't think killing black people would solve their problems .
@sunny quackers psychotic americans , psychotic britains , psychotic israelis , psychotic saudis , all wanting to wage a war against iran .
yeah no wonder they want nukes .
anyone would if they were in iran 's position .
oh but iran has no right to defend itself , right ?
🤨
when will iranians rebel and throw these mulla tyrants over the cliff ?
fanatics , terrorists , and dictatorial morons , they steal from their own people and put every iranian in danger .
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
hypothesis jews push miscegenation on whites because jews themselves race mix and religion mix in such high numbers that they do not want to feel like bigger oddballs than they already are in gentile nations like the us mixery loves company
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
a autist piece of shit
is it only me that sees a hilarious irony in ppl that hate most trashy rachet black ppl themselves using ghetto slang thot to insult white women happy snowfall day in ohio i m starting to feel much better now my youngest has it the flu sucks speakfreely
my friends will always be my weakness lol .
say what you want to me , hurt me however you chose but do n't everrr try to do that to my friends
you are the finest , tenderest & amp ; the most beautiful person i 've ever known .
i love you a lot mind following me ?
@harry_styles ♡ x47,217
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
apparently we are at the ghetto tgifridays all that missing is some pimps ho every other stereotype is here though
it kills me when men say women should take " i 'd fuck her " as a compliment and not objectification when men will literally fuck an apple pie .
routes 7 70 72 272 283 are back to line of route following earlier road traffic collision on du cane road w12 .
help me understand 
 my chick is " entitled " to make male friends and they take her out , but when a random woman wants to shoot me her number after i day i 'm involved and we still converse as friends it 's an issue .. tf
it 's not freedom of speech if your filthy words are dictating what a woman can and ca n't do with her body .
fuck outta here
thanks , everyone .
sometimes stuff gets to me when it should n't .
small things .
i should be stronger .
enjoying the cute animal pictures .
" i am concerned that , whether they are conscious of it or not , the white men who would vote for trump have never fully accepted women and people of color as equals ... " 

 not only these , but also lgbt folks and jews , two other groups many of these white supremacist types hate .
< user > it ’ ghetto lol
wondering or just working another unproven , contorted belief , or possibly a fetish ?
where are the convictions ?
those accusations are bs .
for example , 
 i heard you are into bestiality .
i know because it 's on the internet and you 're a man , or not .
see ?
apparantly they still have some of the stadiums to finish and 350,000 tickets to sell ( they are normally gone within days of release ) .
@wes_vl faggot
< user > < user > shit they all look there same
@imirritating i ai nt got time for you fake ass f*gs talkin all loud in them fake ass clothes fake ass shoes match their fake ass gold i 'm the realest bitch ever to you snake ass hoes url
chabad vigil sings " we want moshiach now ! "
url via @youtube
that 's more then a drinking problem !
lock him up and throw away the key !
i call women love who i do not know all the time as you may have noted nothing sexual or demeaning meant just being friendly it is not a chat up line
digging deeper you may find that many people are actually fearful that family members , friends , or others in the community may soon loose their health care .
taking away something that important threatens their core sense of safety .
the fact that trump lied about having a better plan , that will cost less , and provide more coverage to get elected ca n't be so easily overlooked .
skyofblue , 

   do n't expect to ever change anyone 's cherished political opinions , no matter how false and untrue they are .
it 's no reflection on your intelligence , articulation or rhetorical powers , it 's simply the nature of the " beasts " posting in this forum and the nature of political discourse itself .
you need to get them in grade school or high school before their opinions are formed and solidified .
i commend you and alceste for sustaining this conversation .
most posters are so narcissistic and arrogant , they have little patience and short little spans of attention not conducive to conversation .
when life is crumbling you can reply on white men to tell you how much they hate your dyed hair and choice in music bro i do nt even like you next
ashit goosebjumps and feelings fucking hiomestuck why do you do th ist o me
might as well get a white history month and a men 's history month while they 're at it .
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
is this what gays do    url
a nasty ,   clever clogs   reply with nothing to do with pensions .
do n't tell me they are n't flammable cladded buildings in canada that were permitted by canadians laws .
if you live in a house more than 5 year 's old i will guarantee it does not meet current building standards .
please keep the lefty politics out of it
i feel like i 've been asleep the whole week & # 128514;i've been so tired and like have had this not - awake feeling&#128514;&#129300 ;
it really does n't matter if you do n't believe or get that people choose to be called different than their assigned gender , it 's just a matter of being respectful .
🤷 🏻‍ ♀ ️
@bindelj @simoncopland what 's ludicrous is that anyone could seriously argue that life is easier for men , gay or straight , but we know that feminism has always been myopic .
until recently , most societies had laws that punished male homosexuality but did n't bother addressing female homosexuality at all .
guys , shoot that bitch .
speak up , what is your problem with old white men with young oriental women ?
the two murderers are men who sleep with other men .
meagan the stallion done gave these bitches the definition of " hot girl " now they done redefined the meaning .
nah you city hoe replicas y' all was on y' all hoe shit this summer until she stated what it really was .
get off my dick .
trump , making america hate again .
friday evening , after the triumphant vote , kristyn wong tam tweeted 
 " for 7 hours , i listened to mostly straight , white men who 've never been to pride talk about what pride meant to them , i deserve ice cream . ”
she hates the white straight men of city council , even mayor tory , despite them supporting the funding to blm pride .
i will answer them i will be with them in trouble i will rescue and honor them with long life i will satisfy them and show them my salvation to declare the steadfast love in the morning and your faithfulness by night
i had just about every fucking appliance needed .
these $ 100 + fucking custom curtains this lady name for me .
coming from a women point of view i 've had both and one that has been clipped feels a lot better to me and what i 've heard from my friends same for them ones that are n't clipped just feels weird and they smell gross with in 30 mins outta the shower so they sure hell never got a blow job from me and they also look gross 90 % of women think they look nasty and i had my sons clipped because his a baby he ca nt makes choices i do n't want him made fun of cause his penis looks different then anyone else 's but hey people have there ways and this is my way i could honestly care less what you or anyone else thinks on how i raise my child and what decision i make on his health or body his my son not anyone else 's .
indian cunts and dickheads orgasming over developing the occupied and annexed # kashmir so they can settle there while the kashmiri natives remain locked down in their houses with the indian occupation forces roaming the streets .
you fucking fascists .
may this reach your homes .
url
that part of the hollywood bullshit pc liberals transforming blacks into saints and saviors of one type or another that why i will not watch movies with blacks in them you know it total fantasy
anyone else go on @boxingscene website and gets rerouted to spam sites ?
very fucking annoying # boxing
this article is bs ... this man has raised 3 nba caliber sons that are all highly intelligent and scandal free ... he has literally devoted his life to furthering his sons in a sport that they love .
if it was so easy how come no one else has done it ?
these boys love the sport and have even stated that their father has never forced the game upon them .
let 's also remember that the man played division ii basketball and was athletically gifted enough to have been signed to the ny jets and the panthers ... smh stop the nonsense .... athletically he has accomplished more than most and he has certainly done an amazing job as a father .
president trump fulfills 2 more campaign promises .
here ’s what they are … https://t.co/vbos1vb13y https://t.co/jryvlx0rq6
lol i see you changed your picture so you can advocate mixing races while using the fellow white people line
( i was trying to get off a crowded bus . )
cisgender male 1 : : hey , let the man through !
cisgender male 2 : : i think it 's a chick .
cisgender male 1 : : aw , sorry hen .
on a bus in edinburgh .
i was disgusted by the sexism evident in their change of tone , and also completely disheartenned as a transgender male .
i may still be pubertal 
 i have noticed my shoulders have broadened a little in the last year , hopefully my dick will increase in size
< user > < user > there ’ a lot of blatant racism and pure ignorance in this thread the ghetto
" stories like the one in which alberta premier rachel notley ’s face was used as a target during a golf tournament for oilmen " 

 renzetti is trying to claim this happened because notley is a woman , not because notley is leader of the ndp .
not a shred of evidence was given to support this contention so it is a pretty dubious claim .
and what happened to the many comments that were already in this article 's responses ? ? ?
iirc they were already in the new system .
what the fuck i just got paid $ 800 from my old job , is this like my holiday pay ?
how did i have that much saved up
cough up your cash and beg .
on your knees .
i want your mouth kissing the floor .
now .
beautiful girls can make you do anything .
beg for my attention , you slut .
humiliate yourself , entertain me .
and show me how weak you are and keep begging desperately for me . #
catfishfindom url
unfortunately , if they kill themselves they go to hell according to what the bible says but i believe king james wrote that so idk if it 's true or not but i would n't be brave enough to still i m outraged at these people who claim to be christians and hate that much on someone else beliefs or lack thereof
< user > fuck y ’ all white bitch add niggas on god
lol i m just laughing my ass off at you for thinking that white identity actually means something i guess then that you identify with the hollywood white commies
firestorm of star birth in galaxy centaurus a resembling looming rain clouds on a stormy day , dark lanes of dust crisscross the giant elliptical galaxy centaurus a.
he has been convicted of two dui offenses and our delegation said he poses no danger to the public .
i guess dui is no big thing and can not hurt / kill anyone .
geezh !
fox news ‏ sessions more than < number > people who came here as refugees are under an fbi investigation today for potential terrorism related activities
do n't expect it to open again anytime soon .
jy kelly8 hours ago edited if she really wants to act like a moslem she should get a little bit of the fgm that these scum love so much this bitch makes me sick at my stomach libs like her are the reason trump won ﻿
* clears throat * * * bitch * * mcdonalds is okay , cellphones are cool , do n't be jealous just because you do nt know how to shake your ass , some random lady 's sexuality is none of ya business , hot chips are legit as fuck , and .. well lying 's just icky nobody 's gon na be your mommy , learn to cook for yourself instead of pushing the narrative that you need some woman to take care of you , it 's pathetic .
what do tumblr and deep - fried foods have in common ?
lots of trans - fat .
what 's the difference between bruce jenner and bruce banner .
one bruce transforms into a terrifying monster , and the other is the hulk .
this white police birch break into a black man house an kill him an walk free an still out here
bored of the gay site gn
the males are triggered !
good jod humans !
you just ended the male pigs .
" " " there are those days when it 's hard to put one foot in front of the other , but those are the days when champions are created " " mcnally "
some apps have literally released data that shows the percentage of women getting swiped vs men .
you ca n't just lump everything you do n't agree with as " incel shit . "
ow boi i would love to bend you over and fuck the manhood out of you .
you would probabaly enjoy little faggot .
grown men subtweeting like bitches
i think we are doing the right thing given where we are now-- keeping pressure on nk .
we have a good redline--   which kim gave us-- his firing missiles at an area off of guam .
if he does so , trump is clear that we will strike and the message is clear from all on our side .
there is some reported intelligence that this pressure is causing some internal issues in nk which could result in changes or internal moves against kim .
like a chess match , we have seen generals ( they sent the message ) have a relatively " weak " position-- shooting missiles off of guam with no threat of nuclear .
this lets trump respond after what they and not have to back up his words now .
this gives at least a week for anyone in north korea with a chance to takeout or contain kim to do so ( if there is truth to intelligence of sudden instability in n. korea ) or we either counter an attack on guam after it happens ( per trump 's promise ) or we are in position of standing up while nk backed down .
when the monkeys in ottawa do very little either purposely as we saw in the lib 's latest budget or forced to nothing when they are hamstrung because of a minority government , good things happen !
way too many there are entire cities in the us that are entirely asian it an absolutely insane situation and asians are not dumb enough to let foreigners move into their nations and take over
they also quickly killed the hydro wi - fi network .
it was too good and they were afraid of getting rogers mad .
kashmiris observe accession to pakistan day url
political snafu .
first , i imagine you 're actually referencing copernicus theory regarding the solar system .
it 's hard to accurately establish a specific date when the spherical nature of the earth was agreed upon .
many attribute it to pythagoras in the 6th c. bc   the modern system of peer review was not in place when pythagoras claimed that the world was round but , nevertheless , after the 5th c. bc no greek writer of repute thought the world was anything but round .
so , sounds to me like the greek version of peer review worked quite well .
not quite what you were going for ?
lol
gang raped apparently and it was almost at the end of her world peace tour perfect timing one might say
alaska needs roads to resources bad ! !
the north slope and cook inlet need roads to resources !
< user > just fucking animals if women do not do as they say they will be raped and worse cut off his dick and let his ass bleed out they his ass suffer for the crime
no , it is n't stop # assad chemical attacks .
it is fucking stop assad , end assad , stop sending money to assad , stop supplying arms to assad.#idlib
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
fuck off gay bitch
is that how you define blatant lies now , " transparency ? "
oh , right .
i forgot you live in buzarro land where everything the pathological liar and his pathologically lying mouth pieces say is twisted around and propagandize as " truth . "
or fake news , as the sideshow freak you elected would scream it .
they say gender is fluid , you look like all two of them
i 'm not troubled by his being black ; i 'm troubled by his being red .
highlight of my day being shouted at by some randoms in a car for being ‘ dressed like a lesbian ’
niggas is fucking hypocrites !
like omg i just wanna spit in this bitch face .
greatamericandaily.com/trump-shut-down-schumer-and-pelosi-with-two-tweets/ … i hope trump 's tweets are matching his words .
shane watson has been named captain of an injury - hit rcb ahead of their # ipl opener against the sunrisers hyderabad .
this is a new version that has not been available before now .
my < number > inch tv arrived yesterday .
i was n't expecting a midget transvestite .
anybody who has ever run a business for any length of time knows that there are ups and downs .
the greater the risk , the greater the reward , but also the greater losses to be suffered when it does n't work out .
let me ask you , how many buildings say your name on top of them ?
none .
how many helicopters do you own ?
none ?
how many supermodels have you been married to ?
let me guess .... none .
the fact that you are projecting trump having an affair with others ' wives leads me to believe that you are not stranger to being cuckolded .
sorry you had to eat another man 's sloppy seconds ... not my fault , though .
in short , i will take a man who took a risk and failed , than a woman who has never had to take a risk in her life , and has lived off the government ( including the saudi government ) teet her whole life .
wishing for a white wignat christmas 🎄
i do believe we can declare miraculous things .
when i went to israel the first time in 2015 an older pastor stepped out in faith and declared a rainbow anointing over our small prayer group at the end of a prayer session in capernaum !
i actually was surprised and skeptical ...
yeah let 's just get rid of them ! !
and when we do we will remove the largest portion of that super dangerous 13 % ! ! !
make america great again ! ! !
/s because this is reddit and filled with morons .
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
thanksgiving is a great day shitposting to trigger neurotic shitlibs but you know what i will save that for the faggots over on twatter to all my gab fam a happy and blessed holiday take stock of your blessings and be thankful happythanksgiving
< user > as long as it valid truthful no woman really cares i have seen mgtow men claim men are abused more than women they are raped more than women some mgtow are very kind people who have been able to find a great community behind them others are incels who hate women
trump should poop on their desk .
that 'll teach 'em .
get this man some water balloons .
suuuuuure- repealing   the 2nd amendment is really going to fix the problem .... news flash !
if someone wants to get their hands on a gun , they are going to do it -   legal or not .
love this story ! !
great example for all of us ! !
keep in mind that the vote today , if passed , would only enable congress to debate the aca bill .
it does nothing to repeal or replace .
but i 'll bet the mortgage that if this vote passes , we will hear trump boastfully claim victory and he will then forget about what happens to health care going forward .
he just wants to get a win and take the credit , regardless of how insignificant it is .
it was also so despicable to hear trump speak before an audience of 13 to 17 year old boy scouts to boast about his election victory , how dc is a " sewer , " calling obama and clinton " losers , " threatening senators that they will be fired if they do n't support him on health care , and asking the scouts if they wanted to hear about the " antics " that happened on a rich man 's yacht .
he did n't even have the decency or control to recognize his young audience .
he had to talk about himself and to attack others .
one sick puppy .
just waking up .
holy christ i sleep alot .
anyways expect a vid next week for sure hope everyone understands .
the pc media needs to stop protecting the gay community from criticism .
to any open - minded observer , the gay male life - choice is unnatural and unhealthy , and has created a national health crisis .
in 2015 , 81.7 % of the reported male syphilis cases where sex of sex partner was known were among gay , bisexual , and other men who have sex with men .
available surveillance data indicate that an average of half of msm who have syphilis are also infected with hiv .
smokers get nailed to the cross constantly for irresponsible choices ..... why not gay males ?
such tiny little fuckholes for such a filthy little cock hungry cumdump .
would have to force my big cock hard even having that worthless cunt dripping wet .
when i decided it was time to brutally penetrate & devastate them whoreholes .
before breeding them .
if u chat pm me fuckpet .
i 'll get u dripping wet
actually there is such a thing as presumed consent .
if a court is presented with evidence that two people had sex together , and no evidence about consent or lack of it , the court will presume that both parties consented .
this comes up in the family law context , where evidence of sexual activity is often necessary to , for instance , show that there is good reason to order paternity testing , or to prove adultery .
if a man seeking divorce on the grounds of adultery can show that his wife had sex with some other man , the court will presume she did so willingly unless presented with evidence to the contrary ( if a woman is the victim of rape , the act of intercourse involved is not considered adultery ) .
why should we " get over it " ?
conservatives never got over the election of president obama .
unlike trump , president obama won both the popular and electoral college vote .
we are not going to " get over " a man who has just settled a lawsuit for $ 25 million , has appointed a white supremacist as his chief strategist , who is trying to bully the media , and is choosing cabinet members who are actually against the departments they are supposed to lead .
jeff sessions was rejected by a republican committee for being too racist .
no , we will not go quietly .
ptss is real and is the only reason west africans who it was forced upon think they are linked to an ancient iraqi culture this is a serious psychological problem that must be addressed .
a teacher in a toronto school needed five different interpreters at a parent - teacher meeting .
canadian children are not being taught because of these linguistic , cultural and religious distractions during class .
is this what canadians want ?
< user > i hate you
real " beautiful men " eat loco mocos !
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
and this is the thanks the bitch gives
historically speaking , the only time people have actually tried to cause meaningful change in america outside electoral bounds is when their regional identification superseded their national connection .
i think first the world will have to put down nazi america
might have been smarter for kju to have been less " clear " and done a neater hit that could not be definitively traced back to him but would still leave a strong suspicion among his enemies and others he was behind it .
it would likely induce as much fear in his enemies .
maybe slightly more , as he 'd appear to be so efficient he could commit murder with impunity .
sure he " got his man " this time but is left looking clumsy and stupid , not invincible .
also , he 's severely damaged relations with a country , malaysia , he 'd been on relatively good terms with - one of the few in the world .
such an inproficient hit is causing international fallout that wo n't help north korea 's or kju 's interests .
men need to be fucking eradicated from the earth
nor : immortal , gorgoroth , ancient , emperor , einherjer , thorns swe : naglfar , bathory , setherial , dawn , in aeternum , sacramentum fin : impaled nazarene , argath , demon child never liked darkthrone or burzum ( interesting story there ..
i m , i hate black people and minorities
the taliban is n't going to have to kill us , they just need to wait around for the white supremacists to wipe us out .
< user > yeah you ’ re a retard
figuratively read up about the rino muslim apologist
i just have a couple of months behind and then i 'll be caught up with the main roster of wwe monday night raw and wwe smackdown live
" rt @liberienne : " " your girl posts thirst traps ?
that 's our girl bro . ""-
a fucking clown "
15 .
i love horror , thriller , crime movies .
my friend and i always watch horror together .
if cinema released we 'd go if our schedule match
op asks men why they 're single , unsolicited advice floods the thread .
the lads were not a mob they were brothers boyfriends cousins protecting females then those girls were over < number > muslims were not interested in them why the lads stopped defending i do not know but generations of muslims have raped young white girls and in mob gangs
to cold to be sleeping alone ghetto
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
me to me bitch you stressing me tf out
i just had about five pounds of smoked wings the ghetto is not all bad
thanks for putting on display the elitist , condescending attitude of many on the left , a key reason for trump 's victory .
btw , i have a four year college degree .
another misandrist ranting away .
once again , the very bad probably white , probably heterosexual male is the root of all evil .
europeans are indo europeans true aryans just like iranians not sandnigger semites
build the wall , build it tall !
agree - why not use the carbon tax for the same purpose .
it 's coming in anyways , then he could blame the feds instead of taking the blame himself .
there are more than 3 provinces in canada so i"m not sure how you concluded it 's an ontario thing .
bagged milk was available in quebec when i grew up there and i believe it is still sold there .
815000 mentally disabled manchildren .
not all faggots love twinks many want to be ass raped by masculine alphas like me
if women are supposed to be equal to men why ca n't they put the toilet seat back up when they 're done ?
am i right guys ?
gay black man milks one hit wonder song for $ $ $ you 've seen it first here folks
high then a hoe with bitch ass benny
because femininity is so horrible !
@jonnyg313 i 'm not sexist but if a dude cries because of a girl in a wedding dress then he has a vagina
flashback to the heyday of souls fandom and online content unsubscribing from a souls content creator like every week because they could not stop themselves from slipping a faggot or retarded into a video as a funny haha
what a wicked and horrible piece of writing - inciting racial disharmony .
the undoubted hero , van zyl slabbert , deserves better than this .
is this man telling me that because i am white and lived through the ' aparheid era ' that i have failed as a moral human being ?
this is absolute rubbish as he knows nothing about me , or for that matter many other white south africans .
good for you helen zille that you gave steve biko a refuge and helen suzman remains for me a brave south african hero .
mr diko you are an insult to your african heritage .
peter cole
white men , gay or straight .
tory will just as easily be told to stay out and the police .
fake bitch .
so a white puerto rican alaskan muslim vet goes into a bar
yes , any convert can make aliyah under the right of return .
however , only orthodox converts are accepted as jewish by the rabbinate , which is necessary in order to marry a jew in israel .
< user > to say nothing of the proliferation of nazi parties post wall fall versus nonexistence before
all men are psychopaths because once a female psychopath comes along , they all forget she 's a psychopath and start doing anything they can to win her approval , sleep with her , or just avoid being accused of raping her .
this instead of finding a logical solution ... so the only conclusion we can make is all men are now psychopaths because they wo n't question women and forget they 're just as equal in imperfection and flaw as any man is .
my best friend constantly whines about how i got the ghetto booty and the white skin and some how she got the white ass and the dark skin we are an amusing pair
bisexual is a term that gay guys in high school use when they want to hold hands with girls and feel like a normal person for a change .
was not a joke worth losing a job for 

 speak english please
hillary clinton ‏ < user > 9 m9 minutes ago heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in iowa there no justification for this kind of violence h since the suspect was white i expect to hear we want your guns line from hillary obama
shutting down racism begins with all of us people with actual brains coming together , and leaving those who are lacking brain out .
# thehumanrace
will dr 's offices have hitching posts where i can park my unicorn ?
stamping the word " bastard " on birth certificates .
any and all bigotry .
pulling kids out of school to have them go to work .
various forms of domestic abuse .
oh ?
does ray play the conga too ?
< user > < number > muslims out there in kashmir were either openly supporting their genocide or kept silence yes they all are terrorists
nah it 's just guys who are pissed that they ca n't get laid and is filled with a lot of misogyny
that 's because it 's a non - issue ...... one man 's opinion ..... in trump 's opinion ....... comey was fired ...... and his reaction is that trump is a liar ..... not necessarily true ......
# planetsaqarnibiruplanetx " from the awaited mahdi to the leaders of the sectarian parties , and the political parties , and to all muslims among the worlds .. " url * = - * * * indonesia jakarta narkoba nathan mtvhotttest boris johnson " run bts " apollo50th apollo50
< user > i heard asians got some fire though
what will be a good percentage of convictions ? .
maybe for every 10 women accusations , 9 men must be found guilty as per gossip .
keep the feminazi from going balistic and organize another anti - trump demonstration .
two bros chillin in a hot tub five feet apart cus they are not gay
i seriously ca n't find me a faithful guy from my town , they a bunch of hoes and annoying mfs
lol .
if you make over $ 80k per years you are in the top 10 % in canada .
if you make over $ 191k per year you are in the 1 % .
so a family with 2 incomes of $ 95k per year each is the 1 % .
my gf 's parents called me a pedophile because i ' m < number > and she 's < number > it ruined our < number > h anniversary .
< repeat >
at worst many more innocent men will be tortured and maybe raped in prison .
priyanka taur yes to be an indian but not to live in india .
lol
well we all know which people joins isis
this nigga better loosen up his anus hole .... coz its about to get pounded and ripped at the big house
what do you call a < number > year old transgendered man ?
ishmale .
being judged or treated differently based on things as minor as skin color/ sexuality/ religion when at the end of the day it really dosent matter because were all humans .
also , happy cake day !
wait they banned pepe memes from the deploraball that retarded
if want to see the level of shame , regret and hate within the gay mob , just try criticizing their behavior in any degree .
these people are slaves to their worst impulses and you wo n't be spared .
white claws are for white girls what michelob ultras are to mexican girls just an excuse to get drunk unleash their inner slut 🤣
the left has a serious sexual harassment problem tell me more about this so called republican war on women 🙄
what exactly is the point of the march ?
i mean , is there a point at all ?
what slogans are you going to scream and what will the signs say ?
is there any slogan or sign that a supermajority of the marchers agree on ?
if the point is to protest the fact that forty - seven percent of the electorate voted for a man who thinks grabbing women by the pvssy is ok , i can understand that .
but i sure do n't see what marching around dc is going to do about it now .
and , after all , forty - two percent of women voted for trump .
these people make christians look bad
fuck homophobes !
they can all fucking die !
let them choke on their own bigotry !
just once i want to get my hands on one of them !
i wanna tear them limb from limb !
url
complaining about and insulting america and it 's people and then bleaching your hair blond and shoving colored contacts into your eyes with the goal of to looking like california girl .
that feel when no popular male haircuts mesh with you 
 basically every one of them gives an aura of brashness and arrogance , a nerd would look stupid with them
for pride month kamala harris promises to only imprison lgbt+ folks ☺ ️ 🌈 🌈
i love all these men in the comments that are telling women how they should feel about working with someone that has bragged about getting away with sexual assault .
trump stated he could grab them by the p***y .
would you let your daughter go to work for someone that said that ?
would you force your wife / mother to do so ?
this comment section for the most part is just a bunch of mansplaining .
dude looks like roman atwood 's white trash cousin .
typical nigger father breed them then leave them
alexandra , i think your point is well taken ... ie the extent of hatred and bigotry in the trump supporters and the level of huge fears at the heart of the protestors nationwide .
i live just over the hill from oakland and family is involved in the power issues going on there .
wednesday night 7000 folks assembled about a block from a family members office and protest ensued ; oakland has some local anarchists that inevitably burn things and break things while the other 6940 folks are just there to express their concerns .. and fears , peacefully .
pious church folks do n't in my view have any real sense of the magnitude of these issues ... the range and depth of the hate , the range and depth of the fear ... and this sort of article is a classic example of such ignorance and insensitivity .
we have many immigrants , great social diversity , and people are just plain scared and there are huge numbers of other folks that want to protect our terrified folks .... that 's the real story ... not pious drivel .
we the people are instantly ready to think that men are so selfish and evil that they would inappropriately touch .
but we the people can not imagine that a women would claim unprovable and non - witnessed " touching " to achieve some end or simply to be nasty .
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
junaid bi great ancher and sohail ahmad also great comedian ... love from germany
bet you wish this phat ass was sitting on your pathetic loser face .
$ end # tribute while you stroke your tiny useless dick # findom # femdom # ass # facesitting # cuckhold # sissyboy # humliatrix # homewrecker # blackmail # 420domme # spoiled # bratty # cuckhold # fincuck url
now stephanie liking this nigga shit 😔 he getting mad bitches tonight
my < number > inch tv arrived yesterday .
i was n't expecting a midget transvestite .
u know dem fuck niggas hate .
hate to see young niggas make it
" and , in the winter of 1977 , the vatican issued inter insigniores , declaring its " inability " to ordain women because women lacked a " natural resemblance " to the male jesus . "
what a shocking statement !
is this what we are afraid to change .
how much importance did christ lend to the body ?
niente .
he always spoke of spirit and of a kingdom that was not of this world .
and the worst thing is if i play dps in competitive , i 'll get blamed for losing .
i 'm not that shit but the pressure is always on you
brown eyes are the only color of eyes that blacks and asians have , outside of any outside breeding .
@yourdudeferg gay fags
i answered your question now answer mine are rabbis who suck baby penis pedophiles are you too chicken shit to answer a simple question i think you are it a kike thing
" @valentineshow word of the day : squirly . " "
there are a couple that are squirly . " " " "
he 's like a squirrel in search of nuts " " "
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
prolly heard i m a from a hoe
yes .
the end of men , without a doubt .
men are , in fact , so fragile that sitting next to girls will end them .
derp .
i can not believe women are defending r kelly
true but the most disgusting thing would be a muslim twerking a goat
the type of plane would be informative in a report of this nature .
shouts to all the limp bizkit and korn fans who made fun of me for listening to nigger music when i would play wu tang one of those < number > is forever and one of those < number > is for the children
i 'm 6'4 " .
i have never met a cis woman who was taller than i am , and only one trans woman .
the closest i 've come is meeting a black woman who was * as * tall as i am , but she was wearing platform heels .
i can access but not comment on several sights .
maybe dhs has me on a suspect list or a dhs employee knows me and does not want me to speak the truth , as i see it .
just to let the arabs in israel know today is day < number > of the < number > day rage back to goat fucking
the chad all incels fear .
roy moore : " trannies are an abomination , repeal gay marriage , put god back into the government " 

 populist working - class voter : " okay , whatever nigga i just want a job "
for the first time in my months of monitoring this , a man momentarily surpassed all the lws in targeted gamergate harassment .
congrats ?
do n't like the way the cowards kicks tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .
can we kill them all but keep their dicks ?
url
i ca n't think about rikers w / out thinking about kalief browder , and it crushes me every time . …
https://t.co/5g0bx9qmfe
the usa does not want to pull out too quickly , before it has eliminated all or most , of the terrorist infrastructure in afghanistan .
that terrorist infrastructure , can still have a home base to operate from .
the afghan people , need to fight the remaining terrorist infrastructure , all by themselves .
everyone that uses the term ' hate crime ' deserves to be kicked swiftly in the nuts from the white house on down .
stop dividing people .
they are only < number > of the world population and trying to pretend that obama jarrett clintons do not love the muzzies more than the jews is just laughable but you keep laser focused on those jews ok someone has to stay behind
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
@theibbyv1 nah fuck that hoe
< user > < user > but men get raped as well yeah by other men you fucking idiots
did anyone on this thread note the irony and hypocrisy of hillary talking about " women 's rights " given her husband 's well - publicized escapades with countless bimbos , including paula jones who got a $ 800 k settlement for billy 's indecent exposure and harassment as well as monica which got billy impeached for perjuring himself about what the meaning of " is is ? "
several women have also accused billy of rape .
michelle , of course , embarked upon the remarkably sexist , but politically - correct theme of   worrying about little girls and forgetting about little boys who get just as hungry and need just as much medical treatment as little girls do .
aid should be given to both boys and girls , but michelle wants to leave the boys out of aid packages .
if anyone dared to criticize a female immigrant for her accent , then that person would immediately be assailed a vicious , hateful , racist , and misogynist .
the only exception , of course , is a beautiful , nice woman who speaks five languages fluently .
subscribe to our backup sub , truecels only normies fuck off
and i 'm sure obama 's chain of succession was filled with only people of love , and never did anything wrong .
i 'm sure i could make a list just like yours showing your hypocrisy , but it 's lunchtime .
it 's also creepy to read about a woman getting dressed .
so what has she done prior and since ?
walked around outside in the cold ?
i did that while shoveling all the global warming from my driveway .
i think i accomplished more .
and to all the men i saw wearing those stupid hats .. pathetic beta - types .
one 2018 nba mock draft has brandon mccoy going at no .
18 to some team in portland , right after milwaukee takes troy brown at no .
17 .
another mock draft does n't mention mccoy at all and has brown going mid - second round .
arranged marriages are nothing new , unless you believe that malik hairston dreamed as a detroit schoolboy of playing in mac court and could n't wait to get to rainy beaverton . . .
um . . .
eugene .
you suck cock for me .
get on your knees , suck and do n't stop until i say so , whore .
your sucking skills are not where i want them , you need a lot more practice .
url url
i fucking hate gemini 😂 that it that the tweet
pedro gonzales it 's because of you .
whites did nothing .
but give money .
tv a mental ghetto where thought goes to die
what an ugly pig !
i would n't fuck her with michele obama 's dick .
what a selfish , narrow - minded remark !
this man has performed thoughtful reviews of all the arts for 50 years .
get over yourself .
@readybrina lemme body - swap with that man real quick
bitch was sucking my dick so good i had to punch her in the head
to be fair , my fabled feminine object recognition fails me as soon as one object hides   behind another in the fridge .
they can be black holes for leftovers or beloved hunks of stilton , regardless of a person 's gender .
i had said before and how most fast we could got the impeachent will be best becuse it necessary rebuild our respect as nation revalue our people and country back to invest in science and finished this violence with a new politic of drugs and crimes
but imma have to get ghetto and start picking from the medsci building
what is black and sticks to a tree ?
a peeping tom after a forest fire
disgraceful , a non black person using racial slurs on twitter .
will be making sure your work place know about this disgusting behaviour on twitter   @morosement url
if you think ronaldo is better than messi you are either a liar or a retard
what difference does it make if she does n't tell people that she 's a dude she 's not trying to f * * * them and they do n't have a shot to f * * * her honestly man you got your nose stuff so far up everybody else has asked you ca n't see that you weight 450 lb smoke like a chimney and probably drink as well you got a lot of s * * * on your plate that you need to be worried about without worrying about everybody else you 're a fat f * * * that treats his kids like dogshit and there 's proof of that on video
what a total pos , hope the devil rapes him every second for eternity
# 1 : hidden figures [ blu - ray ] : hidden figures [ blu - ray ] taraji p. henson ( actor ) , janelle monae … https://t.co/brow8fgv72 # drama # bluray
the canadian legal profession is absolutely infested with dirty faggots dykes trannies these perverts persecute normal souls especially christians cursecanada cursethecrown
< user > < user > keep running to russia you nazi sympathizer
it 's only happened to you like two times .
man , you are really quite uneducated , to butcher spelling the word " discretion " like that .
what 's red , sits in the corner and cries a baby eating razor blades .
what 's blue and sits in the corner ?
same baby < number > weeks later
please be my homosexual remover — i will remove all the homos url
beyoncé ’s “ masterpiece of black feminism ” was produced almost entirely by men [ x - post hiphopheads ]
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
fuck niggers and jews
the reproductive skew – the extent to which a single male versus many males sires offspring – is much higher among bonobos than it is in male dominated and more aggressive chimpanzees manly chimp gangs ration pussy bonobo wimps let it all go to the pop star cult leader ghetto drug dealer
white boys and ghetto white girls make me sick i can not stand you all
well , here it is !
season 4 people ! ! !
tryout info for next year ! !
come join the revolution … https://t.co/vebb8s7l3j
i think he 's referring to the legal practice of showing distinction between names when trademark or servicemark issues are in dispute , rather than speaking to behavior he expects customers to engage in .
yes ... when naming a business , best to hire a trademark lawyer and do the research .
do n't just spitball until something sticks .
< user > happy hanukkah for all jews
niggas be so dehydrated if i wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen
hate when females try so hard to be niggas
there is more to race than just skin color .
says it all about canadians .
blacks spanics women unemployment the lowest in decades in the usa how about white men unemployment i guess those does not matter < user > ‍
john conyers explains that the reason all of the women he sexually exploited or harassed were white this is just black man getting even for slavery and segregation it is what black men are today a bunch of racists who abuse white women
my whole tl after jooheon 's " baksu " became a hot topic : url
more ineptness under the incumbent mayor who chooses to flaunt his ethically challenged attitude in the faces of the citizens of hnl all while falsely selling himself as a compassionate mayor of the people .
caldwell needs to be shown the door this november !
it is a fictional story about a mudshark vanessa her absent black husband obi o konkwo and her rogue piccaninny child jiglet it is based on real life events and characters written in the style of the janet and john books of the 6 0
a hoe gon be a hoe , that ai n't a hunnid .
as does the divisiveness on the part of conservatives to pigeonhole everyone into a subclass .
historical facts usually terrify those stuck in collective type mindsets the bell curve ignores culture which determines the direction of people southern whites up until the first world war acted no different than ghetto blacks until northern blacks fell for the welfare they outscored most southern whites on scholastic testing
we should kill a white person every day until the grenfell residents are housed in mansions huffington post blogs
anujsx75 thanks for sharing the details .
however , we would request you to delete the same & amp ; dm us for privacy purposes . -
kevin
2 years of foreign language is mandatory to graduate from my school .
big boy pants ?
so in addition to being a free - speech - hating , science loathing global warming denier , you 're also a racist , homophobic , transphobic misogynist that   refuses to even acknowledge your white male privilege .
sad !
she should divorce you immediately .
she deserves far better than a liar who faked it .
" exactly what i wanted " eh ?
who wants to bet you 're a pain in the ass ?
who wants to bet , 10 - 1 odds , that you treat her badly , get on her nerves , nag her , argue with her , and generally treat her like crap ?
replace her with sex robot is my advice .
you made a promise , and had no intention of keeping it .
that makes you the problem , not her , so do her a favour and get out of her way .
lucky for her she has n't come down with cancer , lost her job , or gotten herself hit by a truck , is n't it .
she simply committed the horrendous crime of getting fat before she got old , and you 're having a tantrum .
because like most men , you do n't actually give a crap about anybody or anything other than yourself .
instead of congratulating yourself on yourself , ask around and find out how people really see you , because guaranteed it 'll be very different from how you see yourself 
 she deserves better , here 's hoping she finds it .
@pizotv i went random squads once and then this white 10 year old started saying the n word and a lot of other racist stuff like that .
fucking hate kids like that .
i love alt j but i think it ’ homophobic for a white man to make me listen to alt j
slut a person especially a woman considered sexually promiscuous promiscuous having casual sexual relations frequently with different partners indiscriminate in the choice of sexual partners < user > ‍ theoretically if she seriously rarely thrice fucks only fucks niggers then i suppose she is not a slut but she a mud shark
in england they call these people asians even though they are from the sub continent and pakistan and east asians are called orientals it irritates me too we should classify them by race and perhaps religion in this case paki muzzie
scratching head : reread that charter word : " demonstrably . "
concrete results and consequences , the only one of which you offered was . . .
kids are scared and police are there .
" you lose and sjws like you will continue to lose ... "   oh yes , got ta love the self - declared winners .
if the most basic part of your philosophy is " follow the laws " , then it 's hard to figure what your problem is with a school policy that does .
and i said i 'm a man of my word !
guess you 'll never be able to prove that since your the one that wimped and do n't take the bet !
unlike you i pay any bet or debt i have !
truth is you would n't win and you know it .
i 'll take you on anyyyyy day lil man anyyyy day .
if you forgot i said i know my odds ! ! !
you ca n't always call your shots fool .
i just proved that ! !
now go play with yourself   on that   video poker machine .
maybe someday you 'll really learn how to bet .... or better yet accept bets ! !
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
more arabs have perished fighting among themselves than those in the war with israel and still goes on
happy pride month , remember that trans women of color were at the forefront of the struggle and they still are
he a moslem attorney advocating sharia law for sex abuse cases and claims to be a women rights defender translation women will need < number > men or < number > women as witnesses lgbt do not bother they will kill you punishments range from imprisonment caning stoning to death and beheading of women
yeah , a melting pot .
one of them was driving the truck .
as a person of mixed - race , i really enjoy when people who are n't mixed tell me i 'm not good enough to celebrate the holidays of our shared ancestry .
🙄
my ( slightly ) homophobic mom managed to get me a literal lgbtq pride flag towel because she thinks i just like rainbows a lot lmao
some of you all on here are hoes stop it
bisexual is a term that gay guys in high school use when they want to hold hands with girls and feel like a normal person for a change .
so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
here 's a fun story .
i just graduated high school .
and for reference i 'm a straight guy .
one of the best parts about high school dances was being able to pick on hyper masculine dudes .
i went to most of the dances without a date .
and even the time i did go with a date she understood the joke and would let me go off and make the aforementioned hyper masculine guy uncomfortable by trying to slow dance with him .
this is odd ... just yesterday , gattis was all over sb128 , screeching that ' government spending has n't been cut far enough' ... and yet ... she 's all aboard for pimping ak to the oil co 's , and bankrupting the state for the benefit of her big oily benefactors .
and why ?
" because i 'm pretty darn stubborn , " she said . "
i think pigheaded is what some might call me . "
men have dug women 's vaginas for years so yeah they 've accomplished something
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
fuck i want to suck every single drop of cum out of her beautiful cock then eat his cum out of her ass
did y' all see that hannah edit i just rted ... lily is a woman that did that .
ground breaking show stopping outstanding wonderful brilliant
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
another muslim man phones katie hopkins this one is pakistani and he tells her his parents told him to go with white girls as they are scum i believe police ignored the raped girls because police hated pakis and any white girl seen with them
i ca n't think about rikers w / out thinking about kalief browder , and it crushes me every time . …
https://t.co/5g0bx9qmfe
< user > < user > another unsuccessfully vetted immigrant
no one wants that cock ; you 're there to be fucked and bred , bitchboy .
put that cock in a cage or at least in the front so it 's out of the way 🍆 😈
so it seems fagbook let me back in but let see how long that last before the ghetto welfare queens kings pc sjw and trannies start whining and blocking me from my free speech rights
trap out my house this ai n't no bando
i understand why the markets are reacting to uncertainty , but what does it say about capitalism when the markets react negatively to the perception of a crackdown on corruption ?
apparently we love corruption as long as it 's reliable ? ? ?
the trump administration wants to drastically cut the number refugees entering the us , perhaps to zero people .
so i wrote this . "
in defense of refugees "   url
fuck you all faggot ass niggas
his advice is n't exclusively for males .
it resonates the most with males and i do n't see that as a bad thing unlike many of his detractors .
he basically wants people to be the best version of themselves and take personal responsibility .
i disagree that feminism is identify politics .
it depends on the feminist and their particular brand of feminism .
if group identify is more important than the individual then they are engaging in identity politics .
the heretical antipope of marxism has spoken never mind this pesky pedophilia problem but let invite every last moslem into christendom
where is my ghetto hood king
you said fake news faggot it clearly not whether it old has no bearing on niggers being niggers nine years or ninety they are still retarded af and that shit was hilarious
the demon worshiper should put to death , demon possessed man like the sadistic serial killer pedophile muhammad
i hate it when /r / niceguys members claim to be nerds 
 if they were nerds , they would n't be on a bully sub .
" overall , though , mr. scheer 's direction is still mysterious . "
by appointing pierre poilievre   to a major position as the finance critic , the direction of the con's / scheer 's party is not " mysterious " it is for all intents and purposes a sinking " direction " , void of all reason , logic and intelligence .
the cons , have pulled some really strange / weird / egregious bull in the nine years under emperor harper , but never did they sink as low as appointing an id$ot of mammoth proportions ( that would be pierre poilievre ) to as important position as finance .
jim flaherty was a good man as well as an astute finance minister , joe oliver was / is an id4ot , yet he does have a background in in finance.(for whatever that was worth ) 

 poilievre does not have this knowledge / education and he certainly does not have the   intelligence , the man is a simpleton / id$ot .
period
before trump stopped it how many faggots enlisted to have mil pay to chop their peckers off enquiring minds wanna know
i 'm sorry that your dad treats you like that but good luck to you and hope for the best ( i 'm a trans female btw )
it would not matter if they bothered to meet with constituents - all three will do exactly what their party and open wallets dictate .
it 's party over country for alaska 's delegation in dc .
they all have voted lock step with the agent orange agenda : to allow coal companies to pollute rivers / streams , allow mentally unstable people to buy guns , putting a corrupt racist at the helm as atty general ( sessions ) , a man who has sued the epa   countless times as head of that agency , devos debacle .... and that 's just in a month .
the hypocrisy of the grabbing our pussies party is mind boggling and lisa , ohio dan and young are going right along for the ride .
disgusting enablers .
i mean when you believe one faggots obvious larp why not believe them all
i love a female that 's hard to get , that shit cute
i wonder how many men would have gone to war and now lay in european graves defending canada 's freedoms had they known a hysterical tide of anti -- christian , anti - conservative phobia was to overtake the country and it would now be governed by traitors and cowards .
face it , the aga khan now runs canada and what the aga khan wants , the aga khan gets .
goodbye canada .
we need a donald trump now more than ever in our history .
he wo n't be coming .
jimmy carter admitted he was human and also demonstrated that he was able to resist temptation .
bill clinton finally acknowledged that he did " have sex with that woman" .. but only after he had no choice in the matter .
he demonstrated he was not able to resist temptation and was a philanderer .
donald trump did n't " admit" .. he bragged about his sexually assaultive behavior .
he documented for all of us to see that not only was he a sexual predator , he was proud of it ..... it made him a real " manly " man .
btw :   there are a host of women who have " documented " his sexually assaultive behavior .
i respect president carter ...... a truly decent and honorable man .
i have little respect for clinton , who showed us he had no decency regarding truth and faithfulness to his wife and family .
my disdain for trump goes far beyone that .
he 's shown throughout his life that he cares nothing about others and acts only for his own self - interest , often to the direct detriment of others .
gary crum
you are right when you say canada is far richer now , but the wealth is in many , many more hands than ever .
the incredible wealth has created more millionaires than ever .
the difference is that income tax rates stop escalating at 200k .
in the 50s 60s the brackets kept increasing to 80 % .
that is what is needed now .
not just 4or 5 income brackets .
there should be an increase of 10 % income tax for every million dollars earned , the elimination of dividend income and the other multitude of tax breaks used exclusively by the wealthy and corporations .
now the muslims have been awaken now no blasphemer will be remain alive in this world ✌ 🏻 # قادیانیت_کو_لگام_دو url
yes , i hope and pray that my country will stay clean as long as possible .
this cathocuck literally argues that to be a good christian you need to be a cuckold ok folks no more making white babies go to the nearest ghetto and adopt a dindu you heard the man cuck schmitz email < email >
exactly , all businesses run on trust only and once a company lost its trust by wrongdoing will never be considered as an honest company for another firm .
no one can easily trust them again .
i like that you 're bi because it means you 'd be open to a threesome .
has germany gone mad < number > of germans see no connection between refugees and terrorism
hungary must stick to its guns it is a sad day when sticking to ones guns means simply enforcing the law as proscribed
so the tds addled left is still going with that one ?
yeah , trump is such an " idiot " that despite being vilified by the msm for almost two years he became the most powerful man on earth .
how 's that been working for you ?
wish i was that stupid .
btw , so if trump 's an idiot , what does that make lil kim or you for that matter ?
so when do we start killing straight white men ?
amiright ?
i think its great to see the support .
i met so many bi , gay and trans people my first year of college and i could n't see why anybody would hate any of them .
and as a straight guy , i do n't feel like its getting shoved down our throats when companies are supporting this and anything else .
a bunch moved into my aunt apartment in portland and turned it into a ghetto structure mostly able bodied males sitting in doorway all day year long < number > hours can be overheard constantly making dope deals on their cell phones just sitting there acting tough cool thanks again liberals
not to worry , those will be russian waters soon enough .
i do n't think black people should be slaves .
lock this post if you disagree .
first you want the guy to go after him and now you bitch because he is wanting peace .
you faggot left are simply retarded in every fucking way of the word lol .
keyboard heros lol.
if i had a pound for every gender there was i 'd have 2 pounds and a bunch of dollars .
they 're worth less .
why not ?
he might as well since he is on the path to break every other campaign promise .
nah , i 'm take of ur panties , pee on em , and shove them down ur throat .
then i 'm grab my hands around your neck while i dry fuck your ass , and laugh at you .
rt if your account is a safe place for lgbtq members poc muslims women people from every nation
i think people who show mercy to others unconditionally in their daily lives are models of mercy .
taxi cab permits are not designed as stock options , or a means of speculation .
the economic returns from a permit should derive exclusively from using it -- not from re - selling it .
to stifle competition so a few can profit from reduced competition ( inflation in price ) is wrong -- it 's " profiting at the public 's expense . "
whoever made these licenses freely transferable anyway ?
bad policy .
they are owned by the public and should revert to the public when retired .
the lawyer will argue : " but my client paid for the permit in good faith under then existing regulations . "
tough luck , mr. lawyer .
where were you advising him of the risks when he bought it ?
hanleys walk up song is kodak .... what a fucking legend
wow !
that actor speaks so well !
" no woman has ever made me nut from head .. ever .. " now she in there like teana trump tryna prove you wrong .
> cut that sack the sack is at the base you dumbfuck .
just admit it you like mutilating baby dicks because you hate yourself for being an incel
while the quote is accurate , you attribute it incorrectly to potus .
it was private citizen djt .
that oil industry propaganda 30 % claim has already been debunked , yet you persist in making it .
shut up and lick my fucking pussy !
i 'm tired of reading your smart ass responses ! !
you need to be tongue deep in this reptillianne pussy and stfu cunt ! ! ! !
learn to fucking read and write you illiterate dumb motherfucker !
“ you ca n’t feel like a boy for wrestling and a girl for basketball . ” ? ?
ah , if i am not mistaken girls wrestle boys now .
not a very impressive statement from the ' director ' .
any opinion from the doj is just that , opinion .
the doj is not the court and personally i believe it is currently run by unconstitutional criminals .
team participation is a deflection of the real issue here .
the real issue is does a penis = male and a vagina = female or is a mental dysphoria   of sexuality brought on by societal pressures the determining factor .
the second part being ,   whose ' feelings ' or rights are more important , the less than 3 % or the 97 % ?
personally i like to drive fast , over the speed limit and have never hurt anyone or crashed .
my guess , way more than 3 % of drivers agree .
therefore i should be ' allowed ' to because i ' feel ' like it .
does that offend you ?
is it potentially uncomfortable or unsafe to the vast majority ?
can i legally do it ?
no !
what is the difference ?
morals !
a smart man !
everyone needs to stop trashing him , he 's a whole lot better that the killer clinton !
if he does something useful i was saving this or nigger pitbull shit eitherway
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
senate sleazebag chuck schumer d ny has declared restricting voting to only americans as an exercise in racism everything that protects america from conquest such as immigration laws vetting of refugees and voter ids is racist to corrupt chuck
this shit here .
i hope a man gets him pregnant in jail .
i am not a fan of don cherry , but many are calling for his nomination .
i detest what he likes in hockey .
however , anywhere you go on the planet , and there is a sheet of ice , i am sure the people around it know who d.c. is .
he is a " cartoon canadian " , and vies with beiber , and celine dion for universal fame . (
funny how the most famous canadians , are generally cringe - inducing ) .
if you were to have a + /- 10 scale , all in all , cherry would likely be in the " + " category .
i personally would not rate him as such , but i am only one person .
conrad black ?
he is a crook .
an erudite , intelligent , verbose , well - read one , but a crook none the less .
libby davies is evil .
i will take a blow - heart loud mouth cartoon character , or a crook over someone who is evil , any day .
i know how to deal with , and what to expect from them , not someone who is evil .
when you overweight democtras by 8 to 12 points those are the results you get
amazon is to ebay as the nyt is to the globe 

 but seriously - when returning an unwanted bought on amazon the   company will issue a prepaid mailing label   - all you have to do is pop the item in the mail and full reimbursement is made within a few days - ebay does n't even come close to that service .
even though some   items on ebay are cheaper you never how much the actual shipping will be , how long it will take and what the quality will   be   especially if it is coming from china and is shipped via ups a ripoff of a courier company .
amazon.ca may not offer everything you can find on the us site but what they do have has come down in price in the last few years
saudi can suck a dick tbh , fucking bastards
it should be illegal for her to be subjected to big black cocks !
because allah loves him some anavar .
@yonas gidey awww thank you i 'm sure your compliment meant a lot to you 😂 😂 👍 but they 're a lot of good westerns and asians left that are the " last example of anything good " 😂 i do agree muslims do nt respect women look at how isis sold all your " precious women " as sex slaves horribly rapping and murdering thousands of women and children .
every other dirt hole country there views them below cattle , and rather fuck goats and livestock then their own wives 😂 😂 url - goat - fucking - drone - video - not - isis - not - a - goa - phone
francisco franco is still alive and well and ruling from madrid .
@carddominant here to spoil but you 're talking shit ? ?
shut the fuck up .
ca n't even show your ugly ass face cause you 're probably some old fucking hag who has a clit instead of a dick .
blocked again .
guessing is about all you do .
@jamesandrewhar2 @tinastarr82 @st_lu3 this shit is why black people get roughed up by cops , because they do n't give them any respect .
yes sir , no sir , etc is how u get treated with respect
that seems like a misleading generalization i heard black women do not like giving oral i bet the black gays do though and the dl guys probably do so prob < number > < number > tops
california takes care of the illegal immigrants but there is no money for its own people
y'all niggas really be a waste of my time .
the reaction has absolutely nothing to do with boxing .
it 's conflating ' idiot ' , ' scrappy ' and ' aboriginal ' .
there was 100 % zero reason to reference brazeaus ethnic background .
" we were looking for an idiot shifty jew " 

 " we were looking for an idiot drunk irishman " 

 " we were looking for a thuggish black man " 

 these are racist statements .
it 's not like anyone saying this on the street is going to lose face - but from a prime minister ?
this is actually completely stupid of trudeau .
of all of the inane complaints of the aboriginal community - i support none of them - but this one ' has cause ' .
what a redneck virgin a seven year old that can run faster than her brothers
the killer should have come with someone else to kill more people .
i hope the number of victims of a next shooting in somewhere will be more than 200 people !
i am not surprised 'cuz you americans killed and kill many people in other countries .
this is how karma works .
die , american muthafuckas , die !
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
as a trans 19 year old male , this post warmed my heart .
what a lucky young man your son 's boyfriend is for meeting him , and great job on you !
i agree with the other replies , focusing on safe sex is all you can do .
with people early in their transition sexuality of their partners can get complicated , but it seems both boys are willing to be open and honest with each other and care about each other a lot !
as the city 's population density increases , it is inevitable that a time will come when one must prove he / she has an off the street parking place as in urban japan before one can register a vehicle .
the streets and roads are for traffic , not parking .
except he has n't truly .
at best he 's promised that he wo n't personally re - open these debates or make it official platform .
but he 's allowing mps to bring private member bills on these topics which means he is n't disavowing them at all .
you all i am so ghetto it not even funny how i talk to and around these white people and they think it so cool 😭
critise islam and you will be permanently banned from twitter i never threatened violence i never promoted violence ironically islam does so here i am at gab another redpilled refugee of the culture war
i guess about as much trouble as you have with making factual claims about anything related to o&g.
so you do nt use oil ?
no gasoline ?
no plastic ?
man you ignorant losers are pathetic
when i m there with a ghetto ass accent being shy as hell like
we need to shake ourselves from this patriarchal mindset of being thankless providers and get what we deserve bro .
url
spot on man , well said ! ! !
now would not that be a hilarious turn of events maybe even immigrants wanting to leave since their welfare slaves are not working at the fields
brown must be friends with idiot boy trudeau he has given < money > to the un clinton foundation moslem dictators but he has refused to repair the rail line up to churchill manitoba our northern sea port everything goes to moslems nothing to canada canadians
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
let the deportations begin
i 'll buy it when it pulls back 5 - 10 % the market is due for a correction , i am selling some winners in anticipation .
it 's definitely on the radar along with sxp , aqn , sbux , cgx , t , fts , hot.un , cnr , v , vz
did y' all see that hannah edit i just rted ... lily is a woman that did that .
ground breaking show stopping outstanding wonderful brilliant
if we had no politicians in d.c .
at least < number > months out of the year we could save millions on sexual harassment payouts we could visit d.c .
without getting dirty
< user > the irony is they are the ones whose mothers were raped by m invaders
brando daughter cheyenne lived a short life of tragedy and pain buried deep in hollywood print media in places we can no longer dig up she alleged he systematically raped her she alleged he systematically raped her
i 'm a 39 year old amab gender fluid person .
i just came out to myself as gender fluid .
i now feel like i sometimes identify as female .
i 'm comfortable with people using female pronouns with me .
i 'm also wearing skirts , dresses , heels and makeup and love it . (
sarah )
and i 'm sure this faggot will face zero consequences .
fuck your ass on that dildo while i watch you , slave !
take all of the dildo up your ass .
do n't tell me it hurts !
i 'll reach between your legs to finger your pussy until you cum , as you fuck your ass .
then i 'll stroke my cock and shoot my cum on your face as you sit on that dildo .
url
dear cate blanchard the last time i let my sex be my moral compass it said and i quote make a left at the south border a hard left never go full retard cate you know
i feel like this sub has been quite empty lately 
 looks like i have to revel in loneliness even on the internet
get over it , tucker , your buddy told you she was n't a woman when you two were down in tj .
@wes_vl faggot
hey # ldnoverground !
the 05:59 from clapham junction to dalston junction is cancelled ! #
allchange # delayrepay # railrefunds
it 's interesting that it 's pc to call people latino / hispanic ( as opposed to just mexican ) but not too call people black , and risk misidentifying them as african american
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
tennessee actually has a muslim refugee problem was intentional on 0 bummer part
with it 's elegangt looks + plush interiors , ciaz is the leader in the midsize sedan segment ! #
challengetheunchallenged @nexaexperience
i fucking hate you but i love you
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
the amount of civil awards in canada for police misconduct are not anywhere near sufficient .
the awards also do not act as a deterrent since they are borne by taxpayers and not by the police officers .
solution : 

 1 .
increase the amount of damages substantially to send a message to our out - of - control police .
2 .
the individual officers involved should be personally liable .
once those officers are bankrupt , the plaintiff should be able to look to the police pension fund for any unpaid balance .
< user > < user > we are talking about white amerika they make the laws they can give her what they want they give white boys probation for rape everyday
baltimore bitches knuckles be black as shit ... don't @ me
first my opinion is b - s. then i 'm obtuse for not realizing that height is a physical issue that can affect a soldier 's ability .
now i 'm ridiculous for pointing out that a woman who becomes a man may very well have physical issues because overall women are not as strong as men .
pointless .
pet halloween costumes : $ 310 million ( the pet industry hauls in a total $ 50.96 billion ! )
( national retail federation / american pet product association ) 

 easter : $ 16.8 billion 
 ( national retail association ) 

 romance novels : $ 10 billion 
 ( romance writers of america ) 

 engagement and wedding rings : $ 11 billion 
 ( knot market intelligence ) 

 valentine ’s day flowers : $ 1.7 billion 
 ( national retail federation ) 

 chocolate : $ 16 billion dollars ( we eat 2.8 billion pounds of it ! )
( ibis ) 

 perfume : $ 4.2 billion 
 ( research and markets ) 

 gambling : $ 34.6 billion 
 ( american gaming association ) 

 coffee : $ 11 billion ( $ 1.4 billion is organic ! )
( franchise direct / north american organic coffee industry report ) 

 resist all you want ... it has no force .
tattoos : $ 2.3 billion 
 ( inc . )
video games : $ 17 billion dollars 
 ( npd group ) 

 soft drinks : $ 65 billion 
 ( national soft drinks association ) 

 bottled water : $ 11 billion 
 ( beverage marketing corp. ) 

 resist all you want ... it has no force .
you do n't understand .
land in this context is not meant literally .
you look like a ficking pedophile you ugly fat faggot .
die
thanks for your support commando 88 , pm me and we will talk .
down with mexicans
tuckerman babcock is still around ?
i thought he took a city manger position in osenga florida .
his opinion is as irrelevant as palin 's .
fuck the taxis they are all run by ignorant towel heads anyway i do not use or like uber but i do see many white people driving for them
all arguments i have seen for denying ordination to women are bad , starting with " women are inferior to men " 

 christ chose only men to be apostles , therefore women can not be ordained .
the logic is the same as " christ chose only jews to be apostles , therefore gentiles can not be ordained " .
christ was incarnated as a man , and the priest must " image christ " , so women can not be ordained .
this is saying that christ 's incarnation as a male human being is more significant than his incarnation as a human .
which is again " men are superior to women " 

 people would not recognize christ in a woman priest , which not only is " men are superior " but also " lay people are stupid " 

 aquinas used 1 corinthians 11:15 , " a woman 's crowning glory is her hair " , so the tonsure was improper for women .
weak , and he admits the tonsure is not required for valid ordination .
1 timothy 3:2 , " a bishop must be blameless , the husband of only only one wife " , and women can not have wives .
so unmarried men are out as well .
hungary must stick to its guns it is a sad day when sticking to ones guns means simply enforcing the law as proscribed
i have a solution .
send them back to where they came from .
they caused their own problems by choosing to come here .
they are their own country 's problems .
not the problems of the united states .
they are invaders .
there used to be a product from prestone or penzzoil that was a one litre sealed bottle of a gasoline alternative .
i believe you had to put it in you tank while the engine was still warm .
it would get you a few miles .
i guess you could carry a couple of them .
aunz | # stigmabase — ' i do get messages from people in the lgbti community about how my work has helped them come … url
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
talking to a guy i 'm interested in about my ethnicity .
me : : i 'm black and filipino .
him : : ohh , your filipino , that 's why your so cute .
i felt like being an black woman was n't attractive , and he seemed to justify his interest in me by claiming that it 's my filipino side that got to him , even though i do n't outwardly have filipino features ..   age 22 , summer , ucla / westwood .
morneau is correct he does n't " report " to journalists about his personal situation , but as a public official ( one of the highest in the land ) he had better be prepared to answer their questions , both pleasant and otherwise .
the free press is the final backstop of democracy in this country and morneau did sign on to the democratic process and all it entails when he answered trudeau 's call to serve .
so , stop whining and sounding so damn trump - like , face the music , be a man and do the right thing .
< user > < user > < user > government forced pregnancies on < number > year old raped girls is what christian sharia law looks like in america old white men dictating women health issues and reproductive rights do better america
what 's the worst type of wish you can get .
the type from a foundation .
eww i hate niggas that ’ why i ’ m lesbian 🥰
an absolutely foolish decision by an absolutely foolish man .
history will not be kind to trump .
asshole ghetto trash bastard i will have a party when someone puts his in the ground
i guess bradley manning really is a woman i mean , how else could he fuck up killing himself ?
if my posting thing was n't broke i would post this nice story were a fusion guy was being questioned by the house and he told them that there had been    suspicious deaths and arrests    linked to the scandal and it was a old school    " purge " commie style-- if you want the story its at infowars--
you hit a lot of issues on the nose .
especially modified units degrading fire safety .
i 've come across contractors who apparently know nothing about code from the installation they do .
not to mention dueling with permits allowing installation of listed equipment ( ex .
ul 61010 ) in uses not conforming to the product listing .
i expected that to be a no - brainer , but i 'm always surprised in honolulu .
in theory that violated fire code , nec ( section 70 of fire code ) , and osha .
and yet it stood by the powers that be .
unholy mess .
dear british cops stop licking sand nigger a holes start protecting people if you traitorous cucks wo nt do anything for little white girls gang raped by pakis what would you do for a puff attacked by sand niggers
are you kidding me ?
dear god if this is the best they can come up with we 're in huge trouble !
they need to know my income to better decide electoral reform ?
tried to take the survey and was looking for razor blades half way through ... there 's 20 minutes of my life i 'll never get back .
fucking backwards scumbags .
these are nt men .
they re monsters who deserve to be treated as such .
acid baths for all of them .
but not enough to kill them .
only enough to keep them screaming until they finally die of pain .
@naughtypairuk what 's even hotter is when she 's fucking your ass with her strapon and sucking you off too 🤤 😍
if you can not handle a little swastika flag being waved at your rally you are not going to be able to tolerate a man shouting for the death of your enemies meanwhile punch a nazi kill all white people kill the boer
i love this company! ... this latest announcement is another sure sign the recovery in oil and gas is in full swing .
just last month , altagas made an fid to construct a 500 million dollar propane export facility in prince rupert , the first such one on the west coast .
also in oct , they made an fid on a liquid separation facility just north of ft .
st. john bc .
i hate how males are low value 
 i hate just being another hungry cock 

 feelsbadman
< user > has anybody ever seen a video of a gang of white south africans immigrants beating up anyone neither have i we all know why
how are your friends paying you back for the trip ?
are they paying you back with their financial aid money ?
that 's just tax money going back to us !
you know how retarded it is to get a “ i ’ m coming to you as a woman ” dm at the age of < number > 😭 😭 😭
< user > you using big words i m mentally retarded 💀 jk jk
rt @courtneyouregay : a fucking cast https://t.co/kd4ev6idlv
he / she went right to ad hominem with me rather than than squirm like an eel forced to face her own hypocrisy like a vampire at daybreak
imagine being so disconnected that you d think a dickies work shirt and some black pants are comparable to a fur suit imagine crying about optics while writing for a site that screams nigger in every title like a < number > year old on xbox love who d just found 4 chan
whites must adjust to reality to forever dirty war where niggers kill rob and rape them usually their weak and most defenseless in the thousands annually because that is how it is sigh
lestor dolt on nbc just interrupted broadcasting with uk mudslime runs over pedestrian and is shot by police eventually nothing mentioned about islam or mudslimes of course
what did peter pan say to tinker bell ? “
that ’s too small .
it ’ll neverland on me ! ”
do n't you reap the benefits of free public education every time that you go to a doctor , lawyer , accountant , or god forbid grocery store clerk that knows how to do simple arithmetic and can read a label ?
even if you do n't have kids of your own , let 's just consider your education tax dollars as payback for the education that you received .
or better yet , payment for a future of educated and tolerant folks willing to put up with you .
teachers can elect to be paid for a full year - but the total amount is based on a 9 month salary .
i 'll agree with not subsidizing failed weapon systems or corporate bailouts -but i hope we 'd all prefer to live in an educated society .
< user > < user > < user > without looking you judged he was a white christian queer because he supports trump
" plane carrying brazilian pro soccer team crashes in colombia " -- yes !
from a reader 's perspective that 's the way it should have been done in the first place .
it 's no less tragic but a far more responsible way of delivering a headline .
my heart goes out to all   those close to this awful news .
the fact that nigger women hate fags is problematic as is the real reason sheboons hate fags negro bucks are < number > percent more likely to be or engage in faggotry they see fags as competition same reason they all hate white women whereas nigbucks see fags as opportunity
i read the police report too .
the woman was a willing participant .
you and i may not like group sex but some people do .
that does not make the young men , or the woman , guilty of a crime .
that 's culture apropriation , i'm literally shaking , white men are the scum of the earth
in this newest video i am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though i suggest watching the whole thing !
despite how sad your comments are , at least they are entertaining .
you know so little about the practice of law that you think doing that requires the same skill set as predicting an election .
can you understand how pathetic that is ?
the case of the " grumps and grumbles " is actually a successful effort to thwart many of the illegal and unconstitutional acts that trump has attempted .
there 's no lurching or stumbling - just successfully defending the constitution and the rule of law against a spectacularly unfit , terrible president .
you 're a trump sycophant - that 's obvious .
but that puts you in a small and shrinking pocket of ignorance .
adult men ( except trump and you , perhaps ) do not entertain themselves by tweeting idiotic videos of golf balls hitting someone .
the fact that you defend that kind of stupid and juvenile act is not particularly surprising .
i 'm watching it happen .
i 'm watching the numbers climb .
this is bonkers . #
lawandordersvu
yeah me too yeah you too yeah you bash blacks too and the chinks and the j00s dindu nuffins hindu muffins spics micks wops sand niggers who cares humans talk that s what we do so we should go kill each other please
prolly heard i m a hoe from a hoe 👶 🏽
i am very shocked by lack of enough support for her , if there was any , from twitter feminism .
i do n't understand the women empowerment most of you idiots want .
you only prioritize the power to walk around with hanging butt cheeks , and for men to feel the anal walls of other men .
url
this is disgusting and justin wants this to live here .
a crack smoking homosexual muslim liar pretending to be a whole other person becomes the fake president does not concern you hm
can anyone be any more ignorant than muslim shit skin pedophile beating up on crippled boy if you see this happen in your community feel free to slit that muslims throat society will thank you in that country the crippled boy will be charged with inciting violence against islam
mexico is setting itself up as a " whipping boy " for trump .
that could play to canada 's advantage .
just because trump 's style is abrasive does n't mean he is n't still the most powerful man in the world .
very foolish for mexico to act as though they do n't have an awful lot to lose .
fucking cunt midget deserved it , beta cuck trash
if you punch yourself in the dick for every woman you let down you would have some nice jam to smear on that fucking pancake of a face you have .
really ?
then why is the nra not standing up for the black man that legally possessed a concealed weapon and was shot and killed when he was trying to retrieve his id seems to me if it was a white guy that was shot the nra would be standing out screaming but since it was a black guy you have n't heard a word out of the nra about the persons right to a concealed weapon and not be shot and killed by the police remember the black man was a legal gun owner    with a legal concealed permit   he was following instructions reaching for his id which was in his back pocket when he was shot repeatedly by some loser cop ......
this headline is very misleading in my opinion .
lawmakers in taiwan have just approved a bill legalizing same - sex marriage , making taiwan the first place in asia to pass gay marriage legislation .
on international day against homophobia , biphobia & transphobia let 's all commit to advancing human rights for everyone .
# idahotb url
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
there are more important things than the national debt and cheap gas .
the patriotards who castigate us for saying the kikes need to be exterminated are too stupid to live in the real world when savage enemies are slaughtering your people only pathetic faggots wring their hands over the evil of killing them
i know it 's verboten to speak of a woman 's appearance these days , but @flotus looked lovely today .
true story .
this is what roy moore was up against : 

 ✔ false claims 
 ✔ being outspent 10 - 1 
 ✔ rnc ( pulled funding ) 
 ✔ gop leadership 
 ✔ senate republicans ( no one endorsed ) 
 ✔ liberal media 
 ✔ conservative media 
 ✔ alabama local media 
 ✔ alabama major newspapers 
 ✔ hollywood 

 .... and still lost by only 19,000 votes .
eurocucks love to watch their wives get raped by migrants
the politically correct lesson here is that there are absolutely no differences between males and females and in fact is n't the latest progressive end game , to remove gender altogether ?
the lefty thought police telling you how to think strikes again .
goebbels would be proud .
these people are not americans and should not be able to leach off our taxes like this .
birthright citizenship needs to be abolished .
spread those fucking holes , stupid cunt ! ! !
basically to summarize all your key points mgtow mra are women hating flaming queers cc < user > < user > < user > ‍ < user > < user > ‍
mk_ultra_again 

 left wing extremism is communism .
canada has a communist party that run in every election but so far none has achieved a seat .
nor do they , even in the us , arm themselves with semi automatic weapons to go to a peaceful demonstration .
45,000 canadian young men and women lost their lives 75 years ago to overcome the nazis in europe .
nazism was evil then as it is now .
your comments are disgusting and insulting to every canadoian family who lost relatives to war .
the left never resorted to terrorists tactics by driving in to a crowd of people killing one and maaiming others .
my dad has written my sister out of his inheritance because his words no daughter of mine is gon na be a mudshark and date a nigger burn the coal pay the toll i guess 🤷 ‍ ♂ ️
agreed but you could and should have been more complete with your 5th point : 

 2:191 - 193   " and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out .
and al - fitnah [ disbelief or unrest ] is worse than killing ... but if they desist , then lo !
allah is forgiving and merciful .
and fight them until there is no more fitnah [ disbelief and worshipping of others along with allah ] and worship is for allah alone .
but if they cease , let there be no transgression except against az - zalimun(the polytheists , and wrong - doers , etc . ) "
petulant , impatient man - child vs. careful , restrained person .
woe , woe and thrice woe :-(
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
jesus was not a priest .
jesus was in conflict with the religious authorities of his day .
his comments about them could not be described as complementary .
jesus never " ordained " anyone .
jesus always considered himself to be a loyal jew .
after the destruction of the temple with its aronaic priesthood , judaism continued -- thank you very much -- without clergy .
saint peter did n't know that he was a pope .
the apostles did n't know they were bishops .
the various scandals and abuses in the long history of the church have almost always been caused by clergy .
the current structure of the church is a way that it can be , not the way it always was ; and not the way it must be .
how the church will be constituted in the future , i have no idea .
but the time of the clergy is slowly passing .
it does n't work very well any more .
while it will not happen in our lifetimes , a future iteration of catholic christianity will be without clergy
yet mom is not lgbt , we support the lgbt community & will fight for their rights if ever needed .
i support # pridemonth ! #
pride # pridemonthpuppo !
url
this collab was a pleasure to participate in .
thank you @noicedrinkz for hosting the collab and thank you to everyone who made entries !
what does a eraser company and an abortion clinic have in common ?
they both make money from your mistakes
long life to our nations long life to europe and western stop this white genocide fuck this nwo against our families our lands and our existence
this is wonderful ,   a word salad , " in the real world multiplier effect is defined as the effect of a relatively minor factor in precipitating a great change and/or inducing a disproportionate increase or decrease in another factor . "
and here i thought a multiplier , multiplied something .
you know , like a $ 1 billion deficit financed investment has a 1.5 multiplier , so it results in $ 1 billion x 1.5=$1,5 billion in personal income .
but you are imagining something beyond " macro 101 " .
i look forward to your imaginings , like some arithmetic .
i am especially interested in how you handle " and/or " in an equation .
is that like 1 + -x= ? .
maybe you should check out bank runs too .
it 's sort of why some of those bulge bracket banks are n't around .
bbb is such a charming term , not money center banks but bbbs .
indicating you 've read a book , 1 book .
since i can judge your reading comprehension from your response to my comments .
i doubt you understood much about that book either .
trollxers show that even if you 're kind you 're still a creep as an unattractive male
if pete gets elected i ’ m going to cut off my gay ear
there is a sentence , above that is unclear ; i 'm going to attempt the clarify it ( first of the second paragraph ) .
i 'm sorry but , if jesus came to reform judaism he was a terrible reformer and utterly miserable teacher - certainly not god .
god chose to , very effectively , speak through prophets in earlier times .
jesus - as god - was n't necessary to deliver a message .
his was not the death of a prophet - it meant much more than that .
like i said its not gay if its in space right url
@gavin stick a dick up your ass sideways faggot little gavin sperm baby
instagram stories will now be getting their own stories and then those stories will have their own lil babies stories
vote jill2016.com to end the us aggressive foreign policy manipulated by israel that has caused so much grief in the world .
watch him fuck me , cuck .
watch a real man fuck my pussy .
watch his big cock stretch my cunt while your worthless little dick gets hard as a rock . #
cuckold # hotwife # cuckoldcaptions # sph # interracialcuckold url
# happybdaydanielfromph your name should be spelled as dayniel cause you make my day a lot better ❤ ❤ ❤ ( sorry jonah ily ) @seaveydaniel
everything about america comes from other countries ' cultures b / c a bunch of immigrants came when america had a tiny ass population .
stopping that when brown & black people come is inherently racist when immigrants were ok with slavery as the only way for brown people to enter url
ya niggas made amiri look dirty ya make everything dirty i hate you dirty mother fuckers ya make luxury items look dirty stick to white tees
what a shocking article !
may god have mercy on us all .
maybe you guys should not of retweeted me calling you a bunch of camel fucking sand niggers
good riddance .
too bad texaco retained the crew @aikahichevron .
texaco lost the opportunity to shed the reputation of the former aikahi chevron .
jonghyun is supported and writing a song about being gay
why you let these hoes tear what we had apart you shud be beware beware
thank you !
i love chowder .
this gives me some nice guidance for some summer road trips .
what if young black men do murder each other at astounding rates ?
does that somehow excuse police killings of them ?
the fact that you are even implying that it does suggests that black lives do n't matter to a lot of white people , including many on these boards .
nope .
i have opinions on most big political issues ( you may have noticed ) , but after spending 6 months in israel i ca n't come down on one side or the other .
high then a hoe with bitch ass benny
shut it down failed redpilled normies are attacking us 
 shut it the fuck down   u / azavii
status quo should not be sending money to foreign countries‼️ they should earn our support‼️ get the world off u.s. welfare‼️ @realdonaldtrump
the priest at the wedding takes an opportunity to promote africa passes out a basket for the poor zulus that can not farm a basic flower pot
you 're the one claiming it has to do with dna ... your words , not mine .
that 's super racist .
it has nothing to do with dna you fucking moron .
japan is safe cause there are very few crimes committed in the country , while if you look at colombia , brazil , and south africa , they have murders on par with chicago .
it 's dangerous there because there are frequent murders , and a higher percentage of the people there commit violent crimes .
you ca n't possible be this stupid .
the trump elites and cabinet of billionaire oligarchs are certainly trying to handle crooked flynn 's treason differently than elizabeth warren 's reading of the letter .
i wonder if he 'll come up smelling like a cherry orchard ?
what strategy will president bannon use to handle this one ?
so far it 's been alternatruth and the forced amnesia of the news cycle .
lovely letter , fully concur with your views wayne .
what is < number > inches long , purple , and makes ladies scream ?
sids < allcaps >
you do n't want them in your base ?
you would n't be in power without their support .
maybe you people should have thought this through before you decided and committed to collude with deplorable oligarchs , criminals , psychopaths , fascists and neo - nazis , and mil - spec psyops operators like mercer 's cambridge analytica in a conspiracy to brainwash and mislead like pied pipers so many child - like men in this brazen attack upon and subversion of our liberal democracy .
you 're part of this , gardner .
every republican and every neo - liberal operator is a part of this corruption . (
note : i -will- continue reposting this all day long and expand my efforts if someone wrongfully censors this a second time .
go ahead , make my day . )
< user > when white ppl are speaking for us and ignoring the fact that racism is something which exist in every country in my country white ppl were attacked and raped black ppl were slaves for us etc tweeting such bs will not end racism it only helps racism
we will know him as in the diversity crusher with you singh this is a parody post and does not condone violence it just common and garden venting by an annoyed straight white male about the typical degeneracy and anti white opportunism of the evil mudvader
i had a thing for tall women back in the day .
gimme 5'10"+ and i was smitten .
as a 5'7 " ginger dude , success was few & far between .
i could n't help myself .
dem legs ....
all of this news is extremely disconcerting maybe the list of eateries not kissing jihadi butt would be shorter we have black rifle coffee co maybe we need black rifle chicken burgers
doubling the standard deductions for single and married individuals will provide income savings to the majority of tax filers .
as for eliminating the deductions for local and state taxes , this will affect rich taxpayers who itemize their deductions and are mostly residing in 6 states which have higher local and state taxes .
taxpayers in the other 44 states have been subsidizing rich taxpayers living in those 6 states by allowing them to decrease their federal income taxes .
how can something so filthy be religious like a river full of dead bodies
what is < number > inches long , purple , and makes ladies scream ?
sids < allcaps >
i did not understand wtf was going on when i was watching rick and marty last night .
that show is weirddd .
pretty sure the new one is faux brick siding only .
it will probably last only a few years before it starts looking shoddy .
my patreon is acting weird .
just got a monthly payment ( yay ! )
but when i go to " how i get paid " , it says i need to become a creator .
also men have disgusting fucking feet bottoms saying ggggg
@_sjpeace _ this shit needs to fucking stop ! ! ! !
i 'm sick of these racist pigs doing this and getting a slap on the wrist .
every single one these monsters needs to be snapped out of existence .
the world would be better without them .
i know it 's verboten to speak of a woman 's appearance these days , but @flotus looked lovely today .
true story .
the disturbing reason trump evangelical base is thrilled to see violence in gaza hotpagenews com r < number >
oh snap !
nicely done john k !
hi !
i 'm a bi girl going into my second year , the lgbtq scene is pretty big , but not super organized .
in my case , i just ended up making friends who also happened to be gay !
i 've noticed that actually a large percent of honors students are lgbtq so if you are in honors that s something to look out for !
do n't like the way the cowards kicks tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .
donald tump is gay with his son eric tump
another way that it is not better than most suvs .
very faggot ass " take " .
that ho is gobbling cock . "
taking advantage " because i woman could never just absolutely gobble cock and be responsible for the gobblin .
poor damsel .
someone should save this fair maiden from throwin that mf neck like got dayum ! ! !
sometimes i wish white people were not so civilized and we could just massacre these invaders like they would and will most certainly do to us
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
if i was her i would do my godly duty and accidentally knee that bitch in the jaw claiming reflex as an involuntary response to uninvited stimuli
i did n't even know she was transgender , cool !
she looks fantastic
the question i want answered is what did she say to assad ?
it 's hard to believe that a meeting with him was not discussed before embarking on the fact - finding trip .
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
black men a responsible for 60 % of murders .
how many are deer responsible for ?
you ugly fat nigger what are you doing in a white internet zone your balls will be kk ed for this in real life do you understand what you did wrong me nigga
no idea what in the hell this one is for or about but said ad is dysfunctional on top of miscegenational epsilon level < number > eyed pansy male white woman mystery meat urkel kid perhaps a sambo girl adopted why would anyone but a racially sick person adopt black africa finest pathetic wn
free speech is not good certain opinions and speech should be illegal punishable by several years to life in prison and for especially heinous hate speech death penalty so shut the fuck up faggot
their history however has been to reduce taxes and increase wasteful spending .
a pity but i have n't seen anything to suggest they wo n't attempt this again .
the comments and like / dislike were disabled for ( ( ( sarah silverman 's ) ) ) " i love you america " music video , because she 's just that awful .
i suppose any state 's unemployment rate could be better ( or worse )   if you excluded specific community members 
 however ,   the key concept is that the population is made up of three parts : 
 people who are employed , people who are unemployed , and people who are not part of the 
 labor force .
only the people actively looking for work are considered 
 unemployed and make up the rate .
retirees , for example , stay - at - home parents who choose not to work , or those living where they can not be actively seeking work are among those considered outside of the labor force .
so , those living in rural alaska who " refuse " to move as you put it .. are not making the   unemployment rate any higher .
and yet , as has been pointed out , none of the 9/11 terrorists came from countries on trump 's ban list .
kindly explain that one , wo n't you ?
irt fiveo , makes you proud to be an american .
mining was what put alaska on the map .
the alaska -gastineau   and the a - j were the biggest low grade ore mines in the world 70 years ago .
aside from first of thier kind , still used today   hydro - power projects thier mills were the marvel of mining in thier day .
lots of properties across the state are world class prospects .
the state needs to promote all good responsible mining development .
high wages , good strong metal markets , where is the downside ?
americanpatriotdaily.com/featured/entire-team-knelt-for-anthem/ … after the texans threw their america - hating hissy fit during the anthem , they lost the game to the seahawks 41 - 38 .
rt @steveyurko : whoever made the decision to book this match as an elimination match deserves a fucking raise .
ah , fairly clever spin on ' but that was a long time ago and it 's all better now ' .
says who ?
but yeah , when cops pull my kid from a car loaned to him by a friend and beat him for the crime of being the wrong color to drive a nice car , i take it personal .
so what would happen if any white man posed over snoops pathetic drug pickeld body titled make america great again ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
how big will this double standard get before someone stops it ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the final 10 minutes of the last episode of house of cards sums it all up about men and women today .
when i see usernames like jill kews or people posting pictures of violence against black civil rights marchers on here i know they are neo bolshevicks here to piss in the well that is and will continue to be a problem with rightist spaces
from lucas thein : " so , christ is a white supremacist ?
you 're an expert on theology and christianity has been overrun .
it 's funny how racist you 're being while supposedly attempting to call out racism . "
to all white christians : jesus was not a white guy as shown in american churches .
he looked more like obama and probably thought like obama .
gon na lynch him when rapture comes ? ? ?
diversity is our strength
" as of february 2015 , approximately 94,700,000 american households ( 81.4 % of cable , satellite & telco customers ) receive the fox news channel .
the dominant cable news network in the usa . "
and the correlation is ... ?
danielle steel has sold about 800 million copies of her books , but that does n't make them quality literature .
mcdonald 's has sold over 100 billion burgers , but that does n't make them nutritious , quality meals .
amazing trickshot !
breaking news : a woman standing on a basketball rink after getting v.i.p tickets from an overly - calculating player has had an instant miscarriage moments after hearing them say , " and finally , off that fat woman ! "
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
the alt right is corrupted with people supporting racemixing with asians and homosexuals it time for a new nationalism
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
to chris 

 look honestly in the mirror and you will see 

 2 state or 1 state 

 all peace lovers and moderates want a two state solution - israel and palestine - this was the original idea of the united nations partition in 1948 
 
  one state - a radical extreme position that was the position of the arab countries in 1948 and still the position of the extremists today 2011 after losing the 5 wars they started 
 
 the united nations , europe , usa and russia all want a two state solution 
 moderate arabs want that too 
 
 there are many palestinian who want one state   but hypocritically say they want two states 
 
 that is   reason not to trust the palestinians and their arab and leftist supporters in the west
your friend 's son - in - law does n't have common sense !
you 're changing your vote for the wrong reason !
actually , they are trying to -prevent- the fact that whites are disproportionately raped by blacks from being used to bolster the stereotype of " black men preying on white women . "
note they also changed " most likely to be the suspect " i.e. the actual criminal as identified by the victim , to " most likely to be suspected " which changes an identified attacker to just an allegation by someone , not necessarily the victim , in all the examples except for caucasians .
the former is what the data actually reflects , the suspect as identified by the victim to the police , the latter is , at best , sloppy reporting .
i tend to believe , based on how crime data is generally presented in the press , that the fear is that if the actual numbers on interracial violence are simply laid out it will encourage racism instead of raising dispassionate questions as to why they are what they are .
plus the disproportionate black on white violence contradicts several popular narratives .
if i had a pound for every gender there was i 'd have 2 pounds and a bunch of dollars .
they 're worth less .
" .. the cost of electricity is one tenth the cost of gasoline .. " 
 this is another ev subsidy .
the cost of gasoline at the pump is actuall > 50 % government taxes to pay for road infrastructure ( i hope   .- ) .
wait until that reality is added to your electrical charge $ $   .- ) ......
i do n't know what 's up with other females , but i do not want a nigga with a big ass monster dick .
heeeell nah , go reconstruct another bitch organs buddy .
for school uniform collection last week , some people picked size 38 , 39 , 40 ... ... after the collection was over , my son was picking up .45 , .50 and .338 .
that does n't mean " square footage " won .
if you study the electoral college , you realize it 's still based on popular vote , but in the 50 states and dc separately rather than nationwide .
again , the amount of red on the map is totally irrelevant .
why would n't lower taxes be available to everyone ? ?
this path the the quebec government is on is likely being followed by trudeau nationally .
it is plain to see how this will work out .
stop the greed of government now , before it is too late
do you understand that gregory baum immigrated to canada to avoid nazi prosecution because he was jewish ?
do you understand that roman catholicism was huge in fostering anti jewish sentiment in conservative catholic circles , that the austrian bishops welcomed hitler 's invasion with open arms , that john xxiii was truly appalled by the church 's contributions to the rise of facism in germany , italy , and spain ?
if the man 's homosexuality is more important than his contributions to cleansing the church of anti semitism , then the smoke of satan is being fueled by sex obsessed conservatives .
bringing u blockbuster movie on this eid   " men are trash " not sure how disgusting is this campaign .
but i feel pity on people with so much hate .
i mean you all have a father and brother .
wonder if they are also trash .
however , let 's rt if u think people who # misusemetooaretrash url
brain dead liberals are all the same .
cut off your own dick just to get the chance to talk to a girl .
pro feminism , more like 100 % pussy .
who 's your favourite celebrity with the first name " jack " ?
i 'd love to tell you all , but i ca n't because some retard activated a stupid bot that deletes every use of a very normal word .
so many people , including over half of the damn country , figured out that owning , raping , and murdering people based on their skin color is wrong .
i 'm sad that those who did n't were willing to murder fellow americans to continue to rape , murder , and otherwise profit from the incredible suffering they happily inflicted upon other human beings .
i am also sad that the decendants of these unfortunate people need to constantly deal with people like you who trivialize slavery and the injustice that continues to exist because of it and the policies that followed it .
basically you are an uninformed idiot .
trey is a good man who wants rule of law to be deciding factor .
tell me when has sarah or trump been proven right about any of their accusations .
list them you uninformed moron .
truth means nothing to you
gods plan of salvation hear- romans 10:17 so then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of god .
you hear gods word though church of christ doctoring the death buriel and resurrection of jesus christ .
ukwon : [ singing , but the camera is nt centred on him ] me : where he at bitch
seems to me that the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment makes all protected classes unconstitutional .
and as " vile " as you might find my opinions to be , that 's precisely the kind of speech the 1st amendment is there to protect .
speech you agree with does n't need protection .
a un representative ?
means a con .
or criminal herself .
un is a criminal organization .
ilegales have no rights .
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
please take my comments as is .
all i said is we are all unworthy , but jesus promised to be present .
and you answered my question .
in the past 30 minutes , i have seen the grand total of three cars .
until notified otherwise , you need a citation every time you post a comment , as you have zero credibility .
junior has nice socks , is not so cool looking when he get up in the morning eh .
great liberals would role over in their graves knowing junior and his antics in today 's world conditions as he peems with kelly and ryan ..
it 's over 
 just your daily reminder that its over
it be the unbothered bitches that be knowing everything you post 😭 😭 😭
when i m there with a ghetto ass accent being shy as hell like
i hate men why am i even a man
are there any good analyses of the racial makeup of the accusers and the accused in title ix kangaroo court cases post dear colleague letter ?
thank you @cvsan for a super prompt large - item pickup !
now my neighbors wo n't have to look at my nasty old couch on the sidewalk all day . & #
128513 ;
a tax on a tax to pay for other taxes is not a strategy 
 it is the death of socialism .
watching these humanity haters destroy our planet with big government , big apparatchiks , big unions , big policies has been like watching a horror movie over and over again .
now that the blinders have been ripped of the people we see the ugliness of science and socialism and how they worked together to undermine us ..... 
 we have put a stake into the heart of these vampires 

 finally ......
< user > he him lesbians are usually women who have internalized misogyny or trans men with internalized transphobia
why you let these hoes tear what we had apart you shud be beware beware
in that case   ​ fuck shit bitch damn cocksucker pussy asshole cunt , motherfucking dirty whore shat unto my lunch , piss cunt damn bitch suck my dick , jesus harold christ , shit bitch cocksucker goddamn motherfucker pussy asshole cunt
hope the country gets hit by a hurricane and america will do nothing to help
shhh let the incel live in his fantasy
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
work hard this week usfam the democrats need a few million more immigrants and refugees to steal the next election
the reason the germans ended up in world war2 and your people got ostracized was the jewish elite were destroying the german economy google weinmar rebublic do your research you are a bottom feeder jew the elite jews do nt care about you or anyone else
catholic leaders don ’ t forget refugees during pandemic via < user >
how did he get access to guns to commit this crime after so many priors and orders ?
was he legally allowed to own a gun despite his history ?
did he buy it from a pal or online , when he wans't supposed to ?
is this the standard before someones guns are taken from them or is this way up the ladder in the entitlement given males when it comes to domestic violence .
what level of dv charges does a gun get taken away ?
< user > it redneck ghetto speak i grew up here tx it what they do sometimes
a true heroine living a decent life despite all of the roadblocks stacked against her .
great to hear she has done so well from such disastrous beginnings .
a great example for all , young women and men !
if el chapo was white men .
then is god bless america .but seens he s not america do nt forgive color people .
and they say in god we trust.yeaaa rite .
the goverment is the real demonds.jesus told the jews this is not my father kingdom .
this the goverment devil kingdom
your claim regarding ei / ui : 
 " all governments , not just the liberals , have treated ei premiums as general revenue .
there was never any " money saved " . "
but there was money saved .
as the quote i provided shows it was run separately , self - financing , generating surpluses .
those surpluses , in the billions each year , were accumulated ( saved ) in the program account which was completely financially separate from the other government accounts , just as the cpp accounts are .
during that period ui / ei premiums were not treated as general revenue .
as far as oap / oas goes the fact that you can not find something does n't mean it does n't exist .
your quotes concerning 1927 legislation that established a provincial pension plan have nothing to do with the modern pension plan that was started in the 1951 with completely different legislation .
rather than give welfare to immigrants breeding like rats on welfare , uk shd give tax allowances to indigenous brits 2 have lots of kids so mums ( or dads ) can stay home whist married spouse work 

 how it worked b4 cultural marxists promoted mass immigration which has cost uk £ 00s of billions
@donquixokie @gop @lizrnc it is beyond comprehension how evangelicals support policies so completely antithetical to the teachings of christ .
uh huh which is why when christians matching that supposed description controlled an absolute and overwhelming majority in this country and the whole west tolerance and communism and feminism and gay rights and nigger victim intervention civil rights spread like an unopposed cancer through the minds of its christian population
the religion of death , these beasts deserve nothing but what they spread ... #
no thank you ? ?
are you fucking gay ?
get the fuck out of here you stupid fuck .
" " " the lads at work said i 'm comedy gold " " people can be really fucking cruel , like # firstdatesirl "
“ eat shit and die ! ”
me while swatting at flies !
you damn cock measurers are always jerking yourselves stupid on fantasies of cornering & raping women   avfm & mra & mgtow & pua is where all the little knobs hang out together while penis back slapping each other now , if you want any further replies to anything else you will have to wait , cos i am off to the toilet & i refuse to deal with two shits at the same time !
@carol69852269 @ffuent2517 @cns6720 the cuck clearly burns in hell !
seeing how men on twitter treat rape victims is exact the reason why it took me 6 years to come out about what happened to me .
yall are fucking sick and i pray y' all do n't have daughters that go through something that traumatizing and that your sons do n't pick up your mentality
white athletes protesting white genocide or black on white violence would make some serious news imagine a white college football player kneeling during the anthem and saying he did it to protest the 2 0 k white girls that blacks rape and sexually assault every year
the irony of this op - ed is that john staser has again and again argued against any form of tax .
complaining about crime while simultaneously arguing against any form of revenue is a dead end .
you get what you pay for , and alaskans have chosen to pretend we 're a state full libertarian cowboys who do n't need big government to show up when a crime occurs .
< user > < user > hahaha jihadi jack and omar khadr sure know this
stacy 's worst day alive is equivalent to an incels best day alive .
yes you may suck my cock with your beautiful little cunt , on the condition you ride me like a hungry whore
real women really do seem to hate those soyboys
my grandparents did n't come over here from europe to put up with a bunch of immigrants ! ! #
deepthoughtsfrommaga
you have to be shitting me .
the man locked himself in a car and the police office shot him ?
is there more to this story because if there is n't we need to have one less police officer in juneau .
funny how a lot of people on here try to put the blame for their failure of a life on certain other people .
anything to deflect from the fact that they alone are responsible for their life .
these type people are losers.100 % losers .
i will not come out gay again i am < percent > heterosexual man no more saying i am a virgin either that why people said i was gay
such a bizarre stance ; other countries are corrupt / human rights abusers , therefore russia should n't be sanctioned .
either everyone , or no one ?
how about , we leave these laws in place , and you work towards expanding them to include other human rights abusers ?
( and yes , i know i 'm likely arguing with a russian troll )
berkeley has always been a communist city ...
hoping to make it work , so nighty night to the states.&#128554 ; morning to the uk ! ! & #
128512 ; afternoon to @mintzemcdanno & # 128516 ; you all have a wonderful day ! & #
128521 ;
just a reminder that you 'll never know the feeling of beautiful women confessing her love and affection for you like she does for chad .
webmd is the worst place to go .
it 'll tell me my headache is a tumor or some shit like huh
a group of zebras claim they witnessed a white rhinoceros fleeing the scene chimp news network is on the location talking to a family of orangutans matching the zebras story prayforfuckyouthatswhy
yeah , akgen , too funny man , too funny .
but it 's damn true .
i wish it was n't real , but it is .
i have a dream that liberals will stop calling people they disagree with racists or nazis
i 'd impale that cock in my mouth and throat and suck the hell out of if .
until you grabbed my head to fuck my mouth hard and blast a load down my throat .
👄 💦 🍆
sorry , those are alpha 's .
not for your disgusting little beta hands 🙅 🏽‍ ♀ ️ wipe away those tears , or just use them to jerk off to this video , you pathetic cuck .
💸 tribute 💸 if this made your inferior penis twitch .
# findom # femdom # titworship # paypigs # humanatm # cashcows url
and now is especially a good time to start , before you lose your health insurance to the machinations of politicians and are unable to recover it when your health deteriorates .
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
motherfucking come make me , bitch
to be fair , they did n't analyze any canadian cities and toronto meets most of their demands .
it 's a long shot , but worth pursuing .
hello homefarm , you are all wrong my friend , you do nt know how its works .
processors pay for almost everything , 
 retaillers take the biggest margin and also the biggest amount of money because theirs margin are at the end , .
the sales are payed by producer of cheese and their affiliate ( broker distributers traders ) 

 and reflected at the price of the retailers .
sometime retailers take a little off to be lower then their competition
manufacturing in us kept expanding at robust pace in march - san antonio express - news ( subscription ) https://t.co/pbjiq1uq4o
i have only ever known of one proper christian my age and he is moving * * to * * america next month to spread the message of his church
foreign did you note the shitskins with work visas censoring white americans republicans that just the shit workers ads sponsors and the use of secret filters oh boy election meddling and then some
did you read my argument in its entirety ?
thanks for helping to make my point .
however , i respectfully disagree with your view of eliminating hand gun sales .
it clearly states that glorifying violence is against the bitchute tos so i guess every heavy metal song ever written is out of the question then as well whatever these people are fucking retarded lol
i ate dan because it raped me on minecraft
eat my dick , virgin
< user > nigger cock lovin faggot lmao
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
that seems like a misleading generalization i heard black women do not like giving oral i bet the black gays do though and the dl guys probably do so prob < number > < number > tops
the final 10 minutes of the last episode of house of cards sums it all up about men and women today .
no one even knew you were male until you said this .... stop grasping at straws to find a justification other than yta .
slutkayleigh : slutkayleigh : cock sucking faggot slut @slutkayleigh looking for daddies to abuse her cunt , fill her with alpha cum , expose this faggot sissy bitch ! !
100 retweets and i'll expose my real fag name ! !
keep reblogging and expose this ... url
roy moore : " trannies are an abomination , repeal gay marriage , put god back into the government " 

 populist working - class voter : " okay , whatever nigga i just want a job "
did you read the whole article or just the headline ?
or maybe just glanced at the photo ?
most applicable quote .
" becomes a largely politically symbolic measure for right now " because other , lower - carbon sources of energy are out - competing coal .
consumption has been in decline for 40 years .
trumps signature today is all sizzle no steak .
this will be run through the courts which has set a precedent any times .
send them all back to the shitholes they came from
this is classic .... an endless line of young degenerate bimbos hanging out with sleazy men to eventually be killed by them ... time to denounce these young hoes being bred today ...
you fucking cucktards are the ones running point for antifa y all are the real wignats < user > is going to talk to the fbi about the criminal acts of antifa terrorists he shouldn t do that oy vey goddamn kike ass mother fuckers
being a jedi turned revan gay
further - harper always used our military as props .
how did he treat our vets ?
he made yearly trips to our arctic .
besides that , what did he do ?
for that matter , what ever happened to his 2006 promise of ice breakers .
have they even cut steel after 10 years ?
investment trusts was another stupid promise made by an opportunistic harper in the heat of a campaign .
we know how that turned out .
harper 's legacy is his bad reputation , and the elimination of the penny .
you talk about 80 % of promises being kept , yet his legacy and historical references will be largely negative .
in the last election he lost the support of many conservative leaning canadians who had simply had enough .
let me guess ....     media conspiracy against a " great man " ?
i realize the benefit extends to fathers but your situation is likely a very rare one .
i do n't know of a single dad that took parental leave other than a few days .
i bet you regret hiring the guy as it sounds like he 's not appreciated by his co - workers and slowed down the progress of a project and cost the company money .
you 're a funny guy , debbiedowner .
when did a person with a third grade education at best become qualified to criticize an accomplished woman of letters ?
answer : never , until the trumpnuts found their idiotic " voice . "
i want to have 3 children !
2 girls and 1 boy but the hardest part now is i got to try and find someone to make them with , but so far no luck
question do greeks know how to tie nooses because i have yet to hear anything about niggers or sand niggers rapefugees getting lynched 😂
guess third hurricane was the charm for the usual haters to get their tds fix ....
you would n't know , since you 're unable to read them .
i would n't be bothered by the uo openly lobbying for funds .
what bothers me is knowing that the uo hired a legislative insider to grease the skids in back - room deals that the public will never know about .
this sort of thing breeds cynicism in regards to our government and a sense that it not only does n't represent the citizens but that it is actively engaged in trickery .
hopefully mr. edwards will surprise me and keep things transparent , but i 'm not holding my breath .
i do n't think black people should be slaves .
lock this post if you disagree .
bitches date one nigga and get to thinking they from the hood
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
" reported " by who ?
what " document " ?
why are you talking about martin luther king ?
did moore try to get in his pants , too ?
what is your point ?
are you saying that its ok for moore to be a pedophile if martin luther king got it on with a bunch of women ?
the statues argument is the most baffling to me .
taking down statues of confederate traitors because they literally celebrate racism and slavery is not equivalent to taking down statues of a man who championed tolerance and equality .
even if your fantasy story is true about king , its not relevant to his achievements .
the confederate traitors ' statues are literally trying to rewrite history .
basically , you are a racist who thinks that if a black guy does something bad , that makes it ok for roy moore to be a pedophile .
only america would shut down the whole ass government over a fucking wall you all president retarded
a has been from a genre called ` ` grunge rock '' aka sheety music popular around 20 years ago i did n't like them then and now ... same consensus pearl jam - jeremy - youtube
@judgejules75 @forwomenscot @victoriapeckham @miss_leeze @gordon_struth @mumofc @redqueenrising @maitlis @scotgov in the uk a male doctor is required to have a female chaperone when carrying out intimate examinations .
this too is been disregarded by some males who i d as transwomen .
it disregards female patients protections , consent issues , safeguards & best practice .
url
this whole thing has been a very pathetic display and definitely not an american one .
and the amazing part , man almost all of them probably have no employment .
how could they staying out there that long doing nothing but most likely sex , smoking weed and feeling good about themselves , smells more like a robust woodstock reunion than patriotism .
as long as its niggers killing nigger i could care less let these nigger animals kill themselves off
this thread covered some of the same ground as the northern ireland thread , but was proceeding without flames .
being a small minded and nasty person who is lacking in emotional and spiritual maturiyt and whose ministry is basically scamming gullible people out of money certainly strike me as disqualifications to the priesthood .
and i 'd prefer that the right men ( and sadly it is still only men ) enter the priesthood rather than ordaining anything with a pulse .
we really do n't need immature woman hating men who want to play latin mass dress up and act like little dictators becoming priests .
they do so much to chase people out of the church .
why when people see a fist they feel the need to rape a handshake
firestorm of star birth in galaxy centaurus a resembling looming rain clouds on a stormy day , dark lanes of dust crisscross the giant elliptical galaxy centaurus a.
reminder that having asperger and being retarded or two entirely different things
and you follow it up with the old " people like you " argument .
at least you are consistent .
< user > his father is the most powerful man on the planet and i doubt young barron even cares or is even aware some dyke from snl slammed him you are crying murder over a papercut
mtf transwomen should nt have to compete against men in the olympics when they can compete in the special olympics instead
to be so callous and damning   about legal age laws for sex , has always been idiotic to me .
this law based on your birthdate is different not only between countries but between states of countries , for instance 16yrs for females , 18yrs for males , where i live , in one state it 's   12yrs if the male is not more than 14yrs .
it 's amazing how one can be fooled into thinking something is bad or .. good by a law .
@bluestein so basically michael williams ' defense is he 's not an authentic racist asshole , but a deliberate , calculated one ?
oh , that 's so much better .
< /snark > url
if we are passionate with what we do , then it is very easy to commit expansion and improvement . #
wisdom
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
< user > < user > revenge for eu not helping turkey to look after < number > million bbc figures refugees
i 'm sure they will make that prince guy black , and all men will be pussies
niggas act more like bitchs then bitchs do !
they messy & they talk too much jus start wearing tampons already pussy .
so many soy boy cucks in the comment section supporting antifa .
i wish one of you soy boys would step to me .
get your scull cracked in half like the beta male pussies you truly are
@dbryanjones @bluelantern92 because , it turns out being a racist is n't as unpopular as we thought .
right .
a black man takes a knee and " you're fired ! "
white men parade around under nazi flags and he 's sure , there are " some very fine people " among them .
well said .
" most ugly men are ugly on the inside too "
yeah , that 's fair .
i hope it works out well for you , but i know personally that it 's scary to do even if it goes well .
do n't let that discourage you if being out is what you want and if you think you 're in a safe enough environment to do so .
i 've faced some transphobic stuff since coming out but all in all my life is so much better now .
and that 's with only maybe a third of people getting my pronouns right , but it feels so much better than no one using them .
in 2014 , colorado became the first state where specialty shops began legally selling small amounts of recreational marijuana .
someone who should be neutered for the good of the gene pool .
his mama already laid a diarrhea splash in the gene pool .
autistic gay   🤝 cishet white boy 's favourite insults
< user > this reminds me of this one pic from the 1 8 0 0 depicting a chronic masturbator as retarded lmao
< user > wow islam side by side w jews only < number > case in the entire world so what happened to all the jews in kolkata
what do you call a white guy with a big dick ?
michael jackson .
i will have to look into it but i never hear stories like the english prison muslim stories from people who have been inside in scotland they seem to enjoy it for the most part lol
president trump invited blm and black caucus to the white house to discuss funding poor democratic inner city ghetto black children schools trade schools rebuilding neighborhoods safer neighborhoods blm and black caucus said no we will not go to white house said we do not care about poor ghetto blacks
since a white male terrorized innocent people with lethal violence , it is n't " terrorism " .
if the shooter had been muslim , it would be front page , prime time tv news .
she presses a button men have slowly made life easier for women to be housewives and they kept bitching and pushing buttons that such a hard job
< user > it did not work with the leftists this year now did it people do not respond well to name calling not being retarded or anything but this exactly why leftists lost this year and we do not want to be them in the next time
i completely understand your view point , it 's 100 % okay to celebrate bi women loving women and people have preferences for women which is also perfectly okay ...   but it 's just all this focus on women and how beautiful and perfect they are and other stuff honestly leaves many guys not feeling good enough and even icky in comparison .
i know you bi women have to face a lot of shit , i 'm not having a go at any of you it 's just as a bi dude i sorta want my little view point on the situation understanding ... no hard feelings ?
well this is really baffling , 2 men being flirtatious and possibly an off - color fashion are   kicked off of a plane .
while   a candidate for the presidency of united states ,   can grab women inappropriately and nobody even blink an eye .
an incredible blind taste sexual abuse and harassment .
oh well
there was a dog that had brain damage .
all he could do was type " no swearsies the puppers do nt like . "
i love that this topic is being addressed , but what i do n't like is that the fact that men are stalked as well , was n't addressed .
i hear often enough that some woman has gone loco over a man just about as often as i hear vise verse .
yeah it gets violent , it 's a power trip , the thought process is * you are n't going to leave me * or * you 're mine * .
that comes from the intimacy that is created in a domestic relationship .
some people just ca n't handle the rejection when it comes time to breaking it off , if there was ever an * on * .
there 's another type of stalker as well .
the one who wants a relationship , but either has n't had the courage to talk to or meet the object of their attentions .
the victim in these cases does n't have any idea for how long this person has been stalking making them more vulnerable to being a victim as well .
the mentality of a stalker is a questionable one because * normal * people do n't follow someone around all the time .
i love white women
she 's not a girl she 's a fucking whale .
glad to see her get harpooned .
we are awake not woke let not butcher the english language we are not peasants or ghetto
why do people stick to this b.s. ? ?
its a myth .
the southern strategy did n't happen .
nixon won the whole nation but mass.   so did he appeal did he have to appeal to all the other state 's racism ?
every other state in the nation found nixon an appealing candidate but the only reason the south came along is racism ? .
this is such a ridiculous line of reasoning .
it is further exacerbated by the fact that while the south voted for a few republican presidents , they were still electing democrat governors , senators and representatives .
in 1994 when newt gingrich and the gop took back congress from 40 years of democratic rule , the south was still solidly democratic .
this was 30 years after the signing of the civil rights act of 1964 .
so no it did n't have a thing to do with racism , the civil rights act , or the southern strategy .
additionally blacks voted for republicans prior to ww2 .
but started   going solidly democratic after truman desegregated the military in1948 .
my father taught me to shoot when i was 12 years old .
c. dolan wants to prevent that catholics will not donate money in fear that donation will be used to pay for the clergy sex abuse victims compensations .
he is spinning his little brain .
you would think a cardinal would be a men of god , pray for the holy spirit 's guidance instead spinning his little brain .
in light of c. d 's tract record , who will trust this clergy ' conmen ' ?
< user > i jus don ’ t think it should be in a kid show 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️ ian homophobic but i ’ d cancel it too
hey ppl who at one point watched and enjoyed yog content how long has it been since uve fully watched a vid of theirs
rt @teamboosieboo : no officer i was n't drunk driving , i was swerving on them hoes .
should've won that bloody match , damn it ref .
ibra 's goal was n't even offside damn it
i do not blame blacks for not feeling any connections with america this country was not meant for them and never will be they would be a lot better off if we send them back to africa
the british empire robbed the palestinian land for the wandering jews
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
you must be male .
your favorite politicians certainly want dominion over my body and all other women 's .
so i guess your idea of " slavery " and " tyranny " is sliiiiiiggghhhhtttttllllyyy different from mine .
i have this silly idea that i should make my own decisions about my own body ; your people think otherwise .
so give me liberty , or kindly give you death .
amen its not a lack of whiteness that the problem it anti whiteness that is the real issue i have plenty of non white allies and plenty of white enemies
the gov is a funny guy he talks tech all the time but the state uses stuff from the 1960 's .
the income tax refunds are alway late the dmv uses funky records and do n't even ask about dabus and paper transfers and feeding dollars into a slot .
time to stop dreaming about being some tech center and start solving problems .
oh .
a petulant   vindictive piece of writing , almost devoid of any   theological or even spiritual insight .
basically all he is   saying is " ha ha weinandy , now the popes men are doing you orthodox catholics what you did to us progressive catholcs   in the days of jp11 and benedict " .
fr reece seems to have zero appreciation of he importance of   upholding the teachings which have been handed down by   the apostles and safeguarded by the church for two thousand years .
this is all fr weinandy is trying to do .
it seems such thinking is an anathema to jesuit philosophy .
i have nothing against blacks asians hispanics mixed but if you include them in movies or video games it forced diversity 😡 😡 😡 😡
hey , i 'm completely in favor of murdering babies on a massive scale -- i just do n't think women should have any choices .
/s
i would agree that we have a " cowboy " pilot problem in ak , and also that at least liability insurance should be mandatory on airplanes .
it 's really not that expensive , about the same as for a car for many small 2 - 4 seat aircraft .
that being said , as long as humans are flying planes , mistakes will be made , they will crash , and people will die .
it 's not a problem that can ever be " fixed " .
all the training and skill in the world can not make a pilot a robot !
while most ga accidents are pilot - caused , to automatically jump to that conclusion and criticize the pilot before facts come out is flat out wrong .
lena dunham poses nude to encourage people to love themselves more .
hmm .... nothing like unhealthy amounts of disgusting belly fat to make one feel good about one 's self !
🙄 # liberallogic    url url
gee , nice straw man .
i do n't " dehumanize " bailey- i say he is a bad choice for mayor .
he hangs with- drum roll please- homophobes .
that makes me someone who does n't like bigots .
his friends are n't acceptable because they have really , really dumb ideas that they evangelize .
i never knew a jew hater until i joined gab gab is crawling with them impotent little fucks desperate to blame jews for their shitty little lives nazi wannabes hahahhahahhaahhahahhahaha friggin morons
if a nigga ai n't never put you in a house , put you in a car , or put you in a position to make some money .
he never did shit for you .
stop looking for a mother fucker to get your hair done & some shoes thats broke bitch behavior 💯
there should be two standards , if a cop is investigated and found guilty the charges and punishment should be 10 times that of a normal civilian .
the law needs two levels because those with massive authority and the 007 shoot to kill permission need to be held to a much higher standard .
new training is paramount , currently it is 99 % inept propaganda and indoctrination , time for de - escalation training and some basic logic requirements .
if you ca n't think you should n't be given a gun with a badge permitting civilian hunting .
interesting alceste but answer the readers this : 

 remember when you were young and went to the homo hop and the next day you felt guilt .
do you deny that : 

 1 .
you woke up with a sore bum ?
2 .
should have listened to your mom and not gone ?
3 .
received a stern lecture from your doctor about health safety ?
4 .
think that the man costumed as mean - joe - green executed power , intimidation and control over you when you went for a supposed toke with him ?
5 .
all of the above ?
it 's not freedom of speech if your filthy words are dictating what a woman can and ca n't do with her body .
fuck outta here
what do you call a < number > year old transgendered man ?
ishmale .
:d @nkrause11 dudes who go to culinary school : # why # findawife # notsexist :)
director writer joss whedon is a pos he will drum up as much violence as he can from the comforts of his bespoke couch maga
< user > do they think asians are white smmskmznznjdjaj
you tell a nigga that we just fucking he hit me with the so when u become my bitch boy what 🙄
" //region " " region name " " code //endregion to organize # android # code in # androidstudio , make # androiddeveloper life easy.&#128640;&#128293 ; "
< user > modi is brutal a hitler copycat cold blooded murderer killed christians muslims and sikhs in thousands believes in forceful proselytism kashmiris are being raped and killed in thousands < user > < user > < user >
pretty and ghetto the type of bitch that won ’ t even say hello 👋
lol and now you wanna rape me .
you could fuckin ' try , bud .
how 's that boot taste ?
i 'd ask how her ass tastes , but i 'd assume it 's probably pretty fuckin ' good , so i wo n't
a bright , common sense , reasonable , talented , and beautiful young black conservative mother / woman .
exactly the kind of role model that our young women / girls greatly need .
i 'd vote for her in a heartbeat .
i 'm going to find her on different media 's and support her , and i suggest that all of those who want to get our country back on the right track , do the same .
god bless america .
🇺 🇸
boilers broke so i 'm having to have a shower by pouring the kettle over my head how fucked is that
" the thought of men and women dating will be so gross . "
therefore she predicted that the human race is going extinct .
i 'd like a little bit more context before i get mad over this , tbh .
being misgendered is not necessarily harassment , and may just be the result of ignorance or error .
it 's impossible to say with such little context ..
i hate a ol i forgot my wallet at home but i have my id ass bitch ! ! !
introduceyourself i am a young gay latino donald trump supporter i will defend him anytime go ahead and try me 😈
lots of jews in the armed services as a veteran i never encountered a single one lots of blacks hispanics and poor whites but not a single kike
< user > < user > < user > do not forget we are no longer allowed to call anyone illegal aliens when in ny
houston tv just showed a company of us marine corps lvtp7 amphibious personnel carriers rolling north on the gulf freeway near dickinson .
pressure .
applied .
gushue with three rocks in tough places as edin gets set to throw his last . #
cbccurl
first of all - this people protesting do n't even belong here in america , they 're here from war torn countries as refugees .
so why are they protesting ?
this is not their country where they were born .
second- after all the terrorist attacks , people kept saying , " do something " .
well " da " we are , " so live with it ! ! "
to a certain degree trump is actually taking of measures of protection this country was lacking under the old administration .
the media just seems to blow it out of proportion , siding with the refugees from other countries , and their human rights .
the true americans are the ones that gave up their life to defend this country , which were buried in american soil .
not the ones that want to piggy back on those poor american souls .
support the laws imposed by our american leaders or get back on the boat that brought you and " move on " ! ! ! !
but students these days have n't even heard of alexander pope .
after all , he 's just another dead white male .
i 'd just stick with comrade .
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
as a filipino we can sing and hear notes with clarity .. it 's the spanish girl who rules !
nina hermosa bravo !
hate white bitches
if you criticize a person of color you 're racist .
if you criticize islam you 're islamaphobic .
if you criticize the lgbt you 're a homophobe .
if you criticize christians , there 's no word for that .
if you criticize whites , there 's no word for that .
if you criticize males , no word for that either .
hmmmmm 🤔
why have the city do another audit ?
this is kabuki theater .
just do the forensic audit already .
once that starts , we 'll see rats jumping off the ship and we 'll know for certain that there 's criminal activity going on here .
have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
well here is a good way to get rid of these nazi ’ and a few coward gop a holes as well
based on record the existing democrat leadership retarded and the republicans tagging along is my analysis like food delivery < number >
germany was invaded by niggers and arabs but you make a show to old boomers on river .
worst army in the world , cucks .
it 's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay .
because i doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if " being white " in the u.s. will be perceived as a problem .
the very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist .
but the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts .
< user > never hillary as a woman < user > represents nothing i would ever stand behind she has been a rapist enabler a feminazi and all around evil human being not only no but hell no trump 2020
thank god islam has made circumcision obligatory have you seen uncircumcised dicks they are the most ugly looking things 😷
fuck people who use religion to justify hate
" we trump supporters " are a minority of the electorate .
remember ?
he was minority elected .
why are women retards ?
why do n't they know they 're retards ?
fuck you
logical next step after fucking and cumming all over those beautiful tits .
she is one of the best idol of mine 'cause she do n't sing what she does or ever did
this has a deep meaning .
he refers to black spider - man because he believes it does n't matter what race you are .
black spider - man , aka miles morales is half spanish and half black .
logic made this song to address the fact that he and black spider man are * biracial *
@howroute this is exactly how it starts .
potus empowers the rest of the racists around the country to start being rude to people of color .
how many fights , shootings , and deaths are going to be attributed to this irresponsible , moronic , rant .
modern roundabouts are the safest form of intersection in the world ( much more so than comparable signals ) .
visit http://www.iihs.org/iihs/topics/t/roundabouts/topicoverview   for modern roundabout faqs and safety facts .
modern roundabouts , and the pedestrian refuge islands approaching them , are two of nine proven safety measures identified by the fhwa , http://tinyurl.com/7qvsaem 
    the fhwa has a video about modern roundabouts on youtube , or check out the iihs video ( iihs dot org ) .
http://priceonomics.com/the-case-for-more-traffic-roundabouts/ 
 http://safety.fhwa.dot.gov/intersection/innovative/roundabouts/
tucker carlson will interview donna brazile tonight on his show .
" 216 normies and chads online " 
 there are n't any chads in incelqueers , they are too busy cucking normies .
why would megyn kelly offer roger ailes sex for boosting his career .
somehow i just ca nt see megyn makin hay with this dude .
kidding aside , i m a big guy myself but i d never touch or mouth off to megyn .
she looks and acts like she eats raw meat for breakfast .
her glare alone turns men to molten lead .
that does not take into account her acid tongue .
personally i think she could kick this guys ass .
oh yeah and trump did it .
did anyone here of the co up irish lets say like the ab have got the irish mob to be brothers to keep out the foreign crowd ?
i got it from the star newspaper a few weeks back could be a load of made up * * * * . ?
immigration reform ? ? ? ?
you fucking racist idiot almost all of the shooters have been white male citizens url
fuk faze bunch of bitches
< user > < user > there ’ a lot of blatant racism and pure ignorance in this thread the ghetto
my sex partner asked me if she was the only one i 've been with ........ i said i 'd been with a couple 4 and 5 's .
this is a spin off of a joke i read today :)
users are prohibited from calling for the acts of violence against others < user > this rule needs serious clarification if i say this person deserves to die or gas the kikes race war now or if these people keep it up they will end up getting killed are these bannable offenses
this was normal for me until i started dating outside the straight world .
a trans girl was the first girl to make me feel beautiful in 10 years .
responsibility of an immigrants ’ son 😌
you are so sad .
you are giving callista an open mindedness you never give any self honest gay man .
she is a publicly self confirmed adulteress .
last i checked jesus was not too keen on heterosexual adultery but said not one word about sexual relationships outside of heterosexuals .
why would callista have any statement in favor of polygamy when she never admitted her existence to newt 's wife of the moment ?
your double standards are laughable at times , but mostly just very sad .
he blocked me bc i m muslim
when ur fucking hair gets caught in the fucking hinges of ur fucking glasses
so if the ghetto clans and angry dumb fems so come over with there muslum terrorist buddies that are equally great appearetly for whatever reason will this site cater to them because they do love a good upsetting it like a happening for them except is it different
what a sore loser ! ! !
now you know how i felt when obama was elected ! ! !
why is it only lollipops or razer blades ?
who said he will not negotiate all of your points to an amicable solutions ?
you want him to be hitler so bad ...   how many times do liberals have to hear it ! !
he is not rounding up all illegals for immediate deportation ! !
got it ! !
or are you that stupid ?
just like stretching the truth about about deporting / stopping all muslims   from coming to the u.s.   only un - vetted muslims and foreigners with no paperwork .. got it or is that also to   hard to grasp ?
so was hilary going to buy off the environment to stop climate change ?
you ca n't stop change ! !
the earth is always changing ! ! ! ! ! !
we have glacial rebound here how do we pay to stop that ? ? ?
the weather has always fluctuated or we would still be under 1000 feet of ice .... the earth could kill us off in a heartbeat and the earth would be just fine in a few million years with no trace of man .
only time will tell .....
they will be ...
go fuck yourself faggot
the boss sure has expensive taste in beer ...
need a fat white bitch ay can i getcho numba come pay my rent ho
pull the dick out of your ass and kill yourself .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey < user > there is a maldivian refugee living in canada who is stoking islamophobia and hatred and living off canadian welfare please look < user > up for tos violations < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
oh goodness ok i had a really bad comeback for that one but i am just gon na keep my mouth shut hehe that would definitely be a workable plan though and many other women would not have been his future victims
i 'm pretty sure we know what happened and it 's in the article above .
just so you know , though , you probably know rapists and abusers in your own circle and think they are just fine people .
they hide it well , and even if they do n't , people are for some bizarre reason uncomfortable with rejecting them .
they just " do n't want to get involved . "
it 's not a matter of being " stupid , " it 's a matter of addressing the repugnant culture of misogyny and acceptance of abuse and rape ( which your words perpetuate ) that we have in this country .
and addressing the behavior of men , because make no mistake , this is a problem with men .
you ca n't manage everything around you ; trying alone easily overwhelms a person .
have faith in others to help you .
" " " the lads at work said i 'm comedy gold " " people can be really fucking cruel , like # firstdatesirl "
vanderbilt gang rape case where the rapist urinated in the white victim 's face telling her she deserved it because of slavery & 400 years of oppression .
another rape case where black man raped white woman said as he was cutting her throat she deserved it for slavery .
vet attacked in dc mcdonald 's after being asked ' do black lives matter ? '
they kicked him in the head as he lay on the ground knocked out and robbed .
victim after victim ( most often white but not always though the perps are always black ) of unprovoked sucker punches some resulting in death .
the many cases of elderly white women being robbed raped and murdered ( but it is claimed it is just a coincidence that the perps are vastly black ) .
the white motorist who stopped to help who he thought was a stranded black motorist only to be robbed by him and a group shouting black power and black lives matter as they pointed a gun in his face hit him in the head with it , assaulted and robbed him .
could go on & on but no characters left
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
how does it show that ?
the worst part of losing net neutrality [ please pay $ 3.99 to access this content ]
spell much ?
and you do know you ’re defending a pedophile , right ?
oh , wait - you voted for a man who bragged about walking unannounced into teenage girls dressing rooms , while they were undressed , for president .
never mind .
are you kidding me ?
where do you live ?
we still need a lot more educated workers in this country .
what we have is useless people who we tax payers have to pay welfare for .
i would rather have immigrants who will contribute to the taxes than someone who eat up our resources .
how to piss off a conservative : " oh , so you want a safe space away from lgbt people , crossdressers , and immigrants ?
fuckin ' snowflakes . "
suck my std laden leftist , atheist , lgbtfuck dick .
beware i 'm running on nothing but dirty thoughts and sarcasm today ... work is going to be a fucking hoot
“ pick that cotton negro ” or whatever massa said
[ walter ] : ya see ?
nothing ’s fucked here , dude .
nothing is fucked .
they ’re a bunch of fucking amateurs ...
hate trump = delusional world
if you think hawaiis emergency alert system is bad , you should see their birth certificate system .
the man is a bag of dirt .
an absolute scumbag .
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
personality matters in attraction just as much as lyrics in a song do 
 if you hate how it sounds no lyrics will change that
at birth , male babies should be screened to see if they have a positive or negative canthal tilt 
 if negative , it should be law to kill it on the spot since that kid will never live a happy life .
niantic mobile game with my computer making an adderall instead of little cousin made me this thing specific and spite me :
lol wow you are fucking retarded ese this online pillow fight is getting old though
this is the case for many people who do n't have that " childlike faith " , but on the contrary i have seen many many people convert to christianity or buddhism later in life because they feel like it will help them , they enjoy the fellowship , or simply because they 've had an encounter with god .
those two practices are common because they are easy to get involved with .
islam or hinduism or mormonism for example are much more difficult to just waltz into without being raised in a family that is part of that sect in the first place .
i know many many people who only converted as adults .
as a republican voter , nah .
he can go ahead and retire and focus on his health .
i believe that the people who instituted the overthrow were hawaiian citizens .
re . : "
immodest " clothing , again it is a continuum , and there is no question whatsoever that the face veil is as extreme as one can get in one 's conception of " modesty " , the " cover all except face and hands " a step better , but still a far cry from what has been accepted as normal female clothing for the last century in the west .
and while until the second wave feminist movement there was still some " she was asking for it " sentiment , that has pretty much disappeared even among most so - called " conservatives " , and our legal system has made clear that is not acceptable .
as for groping by muslim presidents , you must be joking !
the society there makes it pretty much impossible for a woman to get close enough contact with any male for him to even talk to her , but if one did , how would we ever know what he would have done   to her ?
after all , if she is " immodest " enough to let herself be put in such a position , we know it is her fault according to muslim teaching .
@giiotm " good one nigger boys but count your fucking days , i 'm gon na be one rooting tooting black nigger bitch shooting summamabitch next time i catch u " url
lol those look like nice young men and women in the photos .
/s  

 we 're breeding this garbage ?
wow .
i really thought it was cheaper .
do you wanna do it to feel better about your body or to be in a relationship ?
i really do n't wanna sound dismissive , but i think women tend to not treat trans men as badly as they treat cis guys with small dicks .
especially if they 're liberals , which i think most millenial women are .
i think your chances of getting an so is probably bigger than most of us here .
it 's only happened to you like two times .
own up to it .
however , it 's not like i 'm going to apologise for having a wrong belief being corrected unless i harmed anybody .
i do n't remember ever calling somebody a tranny or transvestite , a cross - dresser has always been the word i 've used .
i know you 're keen to turn this into a high horse moment , it 's been evident since your previous comment .
song suggestions for incels 
 i am tired of listening songs about love or those rap songs about fucking multiple woman like i do n't relate to it nor do i like them .
can i get suggestions for some nice songs that are nice and not so annoying a good example would be fade - alan walker or petit biscuit - sunset lover and so on .
had upper canada recognized the results of nova scotia 's 1868 plebiscite which has never been rescinded by our provincial legislature , your argument may have held water : 

 http://ns1758.ca/antifed/newscot_anticonfed-1868june16.html 

 upper canada 's nationalistic newspaper has zero cred to be preaching from any soapbox on this topic .
the globalists should have known that their oligarchies would n't last forever .
new scotland will be free .
did god actually turn into trailer trash preacher 😂
what restraints would those be ?
communist china 's expansionist adventure into the south china sea area is one of the greatest threats to world peace at the present time .
we are already in a deeply troubling and insecure near - term ' of communist chinese origins .
rolling over like the liberal / left / progressive that is leaving the whitehouse   is certainly not trump 's style .
it used to be said that we would n't recognize canada after a few years with harper at the helm .
i beg to disagree .
justin will make a lasting imprint on canada .
it will be negative ... and long lasting .
how very sad .
goodmorning to toxic abusive women only
and this affects your life how
why are all of you still dying of bombings ?
just use blast protection iv
< user > < user > sikhs get called towel head by racists all the time to have someone from a sikh family do the same is ridiculous
if you failed to get paid in your freshman year of college ( girls at their sluttiest ) get ready to ldar 
 you are fucked , except it and either live till you either away or end the pain .
wow so your family is like the song jesus loves the little children of the world ?
you know red and yellow , black and white , they are precious in his site ? "
that 's so weird , but kinda cool .
my family is down with interracial stuff too .
i 'm descended from an indian princess somewhere along the line from way back when . "
" in the wake of the shooting , the two men briefly exchanged words and took photos of the scene with their phones .
both men said skhoop ’s body lay halfway across the property line , the dog ’s front half on the street and its rear still in brailey ’s yard . "
the peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient incans how to make it .
this dumbo who is a ola u uber has no problem in halal meat being advertised .
which means it 's a product of a particular religion and slaughtered by a muslim , and you have no problem in that .
neither you will see an issue there after all it 's your religion .
url
" doll was curled up in the small patch of tall grass , her breathing was short and weak .
she got poison by a mean poison type earlier . " " .... " " "
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
bitches be so fine and got the nerve to like niggas 😒
my girlfriend keeps ranting about me spending too much time on arthropods .. she does n't know that she is the last one in the centipede .
taking children from their parents at the border , children are dying at the border , grabbing women by their privates , lying every day to the american people , making fun of people with disabilities , siding with dictators and ... now who is godless   with dictators
< user > got mad at me because i told him he was gay in 4 th grade was i serious yes is he gay yes
@yourdudeferg gay fags
wow , this lady is fucking disgusting
little dogs always look like they hate you
how do you who live in the south of ireland feel about the refugees being allowed in without letting the irish citizens know and what your thoughts on that foreign leader trying to make abortion legal i like ireland and do not wanna see it go down the shitter
did you just ask why they need help and then list the primary reason ?
the fact that they are discriminated against and not treated fairly is why they need our help .
we need to treat them exactly how we treat everyone else .
we need to step up and help bigots understand their point of view is wrong and we do n't support discrimination .
we need to help by making them feel welcome and free to do and feel as they want .
so yes they need help and this is how we help .
it seems rd thought you were serious !
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
if western men had kept their women in properly terrified awe of history most deadly warriors they would not have needed to import malnourished inbred sandnigger jihadis to terrorize the feminists for them if you can not beat down a misbehaving bitch hand in your balls fuckislam feminism
yes , judge the president as a misogynist then marry into a monarchy .
stream of downvotes ensues when someone dares to suggest that men can get cat - called too , on r / twoxchromosomes
you said you are a man .
yet you are being called a terf .
you 're completely disproving your entire argument that it 's solely aimed at women .
this is ridiculously transparent .
if you ai nt on my dick .. somebody else will be .
ondickness is necessary lmao
according the cdc , the main reason for women having abortion is convenience .
" useless piece of gay shit " would match better .
best live topic i have seen on gab check out this fucking mongrel having to raise this is a worse toll than mudshark glasses
in 2014 , colorado became the first state where specialty shops began legally selling small amounts of recreational marijuana .
in this newest video i am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though i suggest watching the whole thing !
a. how do you plan on doing that ?
b. everyone 's opinion on what " good driving " is differs .
subscribe to our backup sub , truecels only normies fuck off
kabbalah zohar comes from people who rejected jesus as the messiah .
fuck off gay bitch
< user > < user > lol na dem faggot gang 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
blindfolded anon bottom slut taking load # 4 . #
gayslut # gaybreeding # gaysex url
how much fuckin pain i m in walking home and a fuckin bunch of niggers always trying to cancel my disability i ai nt gon na grow a new fuckin leg dumb anc niggers ever again dumb nigger fuck niggers
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
you are right .
i should n't have used the word " slimy . "
i realize that because there are tens of millions of honest and honorable russians .
the problem is that there are tens of millions more who are n't .
would you invest your money in russian banks and business ?
croooked place .
.@blackopal80 are you a feminist ?
@wildearthur
white paladin lotor au circles around lotor being happy okay
i advice you to follow @hotnatachaxx , she is a very hot slut 😍 ♥ ️ 💦 watch her while screch her ass in many ways and take a cumshot in face 😍 url
that 's what i see , too .
everything 's a threat , everyone who is different is wrong , and all change is bad .
of course , i see some of that coming from the left as well , but not to the right 's level of hysteria .
killing natives used to be part of the white man 's culture .
remember the old saying " the only good indian is a dead indian " ? ...
oh , wait , destroying their culture and traditions also helps kill them off .
nothings changed , it just went underground .
john flynt aka brianna wu never lets us down with his hilarious retarded tweets gamergate
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
what 's a girl that 'll clean her cum and yours off your dick ? ?
url
i ’ m not gon na promote anything of mine free palestine 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 and eid mubarak to all my muslim brothers and sisters ❤ ️ 🕌 🌙
" rt @myunwrittensoul : " " i do n't need your explanations .
i do n't need your fucking lies . " " "
commenter 63495 you are spot on
as a father of two adult sons , all i have to say is ... 

 hallelujah 

 my sons college life has been so polluted with 3rd wave stupidity , thank goodness future generations of college men may not be assaulted with false accusations and will regain their " presumption of innocence " 

 this is just nuts .
fathers , if you support your daughters 3rd wave feminism then you are going to reap some results you may not like .
good luck finding decent men that will commit for your daughters , it wo n't be happening if they are feminists ...
it is n't donald trump 's business experience that is keeping his campaign afloat , it 's blatant sexism , racism , nativism , homophobia , and a whole host of other " isms . "
if he 'd ever release his tax returns we 'd find out once and for all just how good ( or not ) his business acumen really is .
the fact that he refuses to release those returns , both for his personal income and his foundation , lets me know he has much to hide .
i suspect that the one and only reason trump ran for president is because he is so much in debt ( more than likely to russian oligarchs ) that this was his only way out financially .
msw says , " anyone who questions the man , questions the company .
it is an invitation to narcissism . "
in trump 's case , if he were to win it would be an invitation to a putin - esque authoritarian regime the likes of which we have never seen in this republic .
with putin 's help , i 'm sure trump would be able to convert our democracy into something of which putin himself would be proud .
god help us .
* antifa member firebombs ice facility and is armed with an ar-15 .
wrote a manifesto using cowfarts cortez idea that detention facilities are " concentration camps " .
where is the left on condemning him ?
cue crickets ............ *
atp i need to fuck w a < number > old man that ’ the only way a nigga gone ever understand what i ’ m saying
stfu this they job stupid bitch of course it 's fuck 12 when they killin innocent / unarmed black people and harass our community everyday so fuck u and 12 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
suck my dick stupid bitch
what do you call a white guy with a big dick ?
michael jackson .
some of these hoes ca n't handle their alcohol and it clearly shows 🤷 🏼‍ ♀ ️
hey radird , have you seen that donna brazile story anywhere around here ?
i swear i 've looked through every nook and cranny here at the dp and i ca nt find it anywhere .
i even looked under the cushions of the couch in the staff break room .
i have n't checked in any of the stalls in the multi - gender bathrooms though .
maybe it 's there ?
what 's the biggest sign that you 're incel ?
in all fairness , men do n't go to starbucks .
donald ... do not smoke any of kellyann 's weed .
donald ,   do not take any of kellyann 's drugs .
donald ,   might as well tell kellyann to get her resume 's out ,   she will need a new job shortly .
practiced in a fuckin hailstorm today yo i ve never been so cold
we spend so much on wars and law enforcement but so little on mental health treatment facilities , why ?
the gunman was bipolar and so many people knew he was ill even his ex wife !
why not spend more money on mental health hospitals and put people like this very sick in ?
for the first time in my months of monitoring this , a man momentarily surpassed all the lws in targeted gamergate harassment .
congrats ?
taking out iran only helps zionist jews and would create a larger refugee crisis
if i were the attorney , i would n't want to take that one on a contingent fee !
< user > famous for killing an immigrant
< user > < user > could it be possible to sound more like a faggot
we have added safety features to every tool available ...... table saws , cutoff saws , routers , drills , weedeaters , mowers , .... you name it and there are safety features which have saved countless fingers , hands , eyes , and , yes , lives .
we have advanced automobile safety to the point that people are surviving accidents which , when we see the auto remains , we say " wow , how in the world did the people in this car survive ( remember that photo of young kitzhaber 's wrecked car ) . "
yet , we 're unwilling to apply new technology which would " couple " a firearm with its legitimate owner and not " fire " for anyone else .
statistically , firearms are a very dangerous tool , yet there have been very few true safety advances in my seventy - three years .
the first gun i shot in , i believe it was , 1949 had a " safety" ... today 's weapons have one too .... and virtually nothing beyond that .
no one is suggesting a " retrofit " .
however , new handguns could be engineered for " owner " only use .. it 's a good idea ...
i feel so bad for my girlfriend because my twitter account it logged in on her phone and my notifs are poppin right now
if life begins at conception , maybe we should cut off all the dicks now : url url
this year , our ambassadors have spoken to 12,000 young people to talk about what it 's like to be # lgbt+ , and to prevent homophobic , biphobic and transphobic bullying .
they are amazing .
👏 if you 're 18 - 25 you can sign up to be in next year 's cohort : url url
[ joking ] science sheds light on viral sexism ... man - flu confirmed ?
suck your dick .
you 're right in saying that this is unprecedented for the earth .
that said , it is most certainly unprecedented for the human race .
climate has definitely changed in the past , but the rate that it 's changing and the effect that we 're having on natural levels of carbon dioxide is disconcerting .
our societies have adapted to live in a narrow range of climate with many cities located right on the coast , and enormous amounts of people dependent on stable climate for their water , food , and general livelihood .
here , i and so many other alaskans fish for salmon every summer for subsistence and commercial purposes .
it is a big part of what our state is about .
several studies have shown that the relatively minor natural climate cycle that affects us in ak , the pacific decadal oscillation , has major effects on salmon populations .
considering that there is a consensus that the climate is changing(even if you 're set on the idea that it 's natural ) , ought we not be concerned for our children ?
oh yes , camille paglia , that paragon of truth and virtue .
let 's ask trump 's bestie and business partner , putin ,   what he thinks next shall we ?
come and dox me , you pussy ass faggots .
if this is how you get your rocks off , then in i am in a whole lot better position than you .
by the way , mohammed was a pedophile , there are only two genders , the clinton foundation is responsible for human trafficking , and trump will maga all the way to a second term in 2020 !
there is nothing you can do .
your " resistance " is futile .
h.l. mencken ’s prediction : 

 “ as democracy is perfected , the office of the president represents , more and more closely , the inner soul of the people .
on some great and glorious day , the plain folks of the land will reach their heart ’s desire at last , and the white house will be occupied by a downright fool and complete narcissist moron . ”
-h.l. mencken 
 the baltimore evening sun , 
 july 26 , 1920
little fucking stupid cunt .
you make me fucking sick ... 25 $ for tribute and 100 $ for being such a fucking time wasting sissy slut bitch !
you are so fucking pathetic !
url
there is a cure for them it 's called hanging .
the answers right in front of your eyes it is a sickness just like trans gender just like gay they 're all dysphoria .
mental illness i 'm not going to go along with it .
you can tell me a room is black but it 's white i 'm not going to say it 's black just because you say so .
a man is a man and a woman is a woman .
you can not change what you are just because you think so if i think i 'm a millionaire do i suddenly get $ phone in my bank account it 's stupid .
it 's brainwashing the masses to accept any ridiculous idea .
in my view there are far less offensive and much more productive means of expressing your political views than this display of wanton contempt .
there not worth the risk around blacks never relax its always a nigger on the trigger
i 'm surprised morneau can still show his face in public .
utterly humiliated by his boss , revealed as a hypocrite and incompetent , how or why does this man still get out of bed in the morning ?
if you think ronaldo is better than messi you are either a liar or a retard
i am tryna go find out the price on the boat my lil bitch act like megan thee stallion she ghetto and nasty she driving the boat 🗣 da baby is really nice 🔥 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
1 ) this type of person is allowed to reproduce , and vote .
let that sink in .
2 ) she 'll get a slap in the wrist .
she 's a woman and a mother .
does the state really want to care for the child because she took shots and called the cop a n****r ?
doubtful .
i think the worst of my allergies is over .
today has n't been too bad .
fuck yeah .
< user > < user > wait that not possible nvm i am retarded
< user > i hate everything about this film not to mention it basically validating radical white violence as a result of being forgotten by society
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
imagine being a fat poor guy saying that we should kill jews and denying the holocaust .
you are literally the scum of society , human waste .
that 's why nobody wants you , that 's why you have no friends and the only woman you ever touched was your mum , you retarded idiot
why do feminists hate men who do n't support their children that they do n't want , while giving women every opportunity to not support their children that they do n't want through safe haven and adoption laws ?
> waste time and resources on idiotic pandering bullshit like banning all muslims , building a wall , tweeting ?
fuck a nigga & fuck a bitch
fair point .
double pump is gay
.500 avg 4 hr 13 rbi aaron schunk in the athens regional ... savage 🔥 url
trump 's order says immigrants from syria ( that includes refugees , but also persons already vetted ) are banned indefinitely .
that means they are banned .
you " feel safer " ?
that 's great , but most of the carnage and death in the us is wrought by our own citizens .
you may as well live in a bomb shelter .
men are depressed get raped harassed and murdered everyone … someone talks about women getting harassed everyone what about men 😡 or do you just not care about them 💔 all you care about is women 😔
in the quran hijrah is actually a muslim practice that islam uses to take over and claim territories as their own if more 🇺 🇸 wake up to the fact that this refugee crisis is jihad through migration then maybe we can stop this islamic conquest to take over the western world
< user > < user > if the jury had been all white i think they would have fallen for the castle doctrine so i do not think this changes much but it a small step just like the fact cops are actually being arrested although most do not get convicted
prince harry announces wedding , i 'm sure his dad is very excited by the news , and i 'm sure prince charles is as well ...
my students asked me ; " sir do you know who plants the bombs on the side of the road in our country ? "
i said no i do not .
one student said ; " the cia , to make us look bad " .
imagine i said we have canadian soldiers in afghanistan , just like me being blown up by the cia , do you people ( as there are young women and men in the classroom ) believe this stuff ?
they all agreed , it was true .
tell me again , why we even have canadian soldiers in these places .
bring them home from iraq , bring them home from lafia , bring them home form ukraine ; the last thing we need is one more death from a stupid policy of " training " .
we can send them up north in the winter to learn how to protect our north and keep them home for the summers to enjoy their family , we can make them just like the mp 's and senators ... summers and holidays off ( lots of time off ) and work a little in the winter .
i make awesome double peanut butter cookies with peanut butter chips i have never heard of pistachio cream cheese i will have to look that up as far as women offering compliments i was bullied relentlessly by some ruthless bitches growing up
if you 're able to watch , cbc ( canada ) right now has a 1 hour special ( 8 - 9pm ) on the gender gap in tech and stem ... i needed a good laugh tonight , thanks cbc .
whatever comes out of this wanna be militia 's confrontation with the feds over unpaid grazing fees will be gentler and kinder than the waco or ruby ridge outcomes .
the taffy slow and expensive legal proceedings have undoubtedly humbled the participants .
no blaze of 
 glory , just sitting in jail wondering how long they 're going to be there and how they 're going to pay their attorneys .
it 'll be interesting to see how the new department of interior director handles rangeland insurrection and neophyte militias .
zinke 's been a combat hardened navy seal , not a ceo of an outdoor sports retailer like jewell .
rosie is an insane lesbian being a lesbian tells you she is mentally ill
pressure .
applied .
gushue with three rocks in tough places as edin gets set to throw his last . #
cbccurl
wow !
who 'd have seen this coming ?
oh yeah , me and anyone else who could easily determine this man was an unhinged bully with psychological issues the day he announced his candidacy .
treasonous trump .... lock him up !
i do n’t think i did so well on my heath test ... is hepatitis c a passing grade ?
i feel like this hoe owe me something .. ,
omg this is how to deal with the faggots and immigrants from lesbia so fucking funny crowder is a genius
rather than give welfare to immigrants breeding like rats on welfare , uk shd give tax allowances to indigenous brits 2 have lots of kids so mums ( or dads ) can stay home whist married spouse work 

 how it worked b4 cultural marxists promoted mass immigration which has cost uk £ 00s of billions
always rooting for black women to win and it 's more inspiring and encouraging to see one with saray 's courage .
being # bornwithmomentum is great but having the courage to maintain that and conquer your goals is inspiring .
url
these sort of posts mean so much to me since i 'm pre - everything and still present male .
you and vox are so stupid it literally amazing his entire argument is anglin and his followers are fake and repeatedly throwing around retard intellectual no wonder you like blacks they are on your level < user >
fuck you you bitch ass nigger cunt i hate black niggers
< user > so whites hate whites more than blacks hate whites your train of thought kind of lost me there
como , do n't find yourself in front of a judge for a serious crime , as the judge will dismiss your million excuses and bury you under the jail .
the point is your stuff would n't ( wo n't ) fly in the real world , and it only flies here with those partisans of your own kind .
0:42 that nigga got a full on beard and mustache
really ?
folks who move here have to ask us for permission to call themselves alaskans ?
lol !
how anti- american is that ?
americans have a constitutional right to freedom of movement which includes moving to a state they might not have been born in .
they meet the legal requirements to vote here , work here ,   buy homes , pay local taxes , spend money in " our " shops ... they 're alaskans whether you approve or not .
they drink too much beer and lay around all winter like a few born - heres i know and they 're still alaskans whether you like it or not .
the refusees are nignogs not arabs usually
you let these wonderful men and women decide it no longer worth it to do what they do and see where that gets you liberals progressives westboro baptist church and all others who hate our military kiss my goddamn ass but hold the tongue gabvets gabfam
i knew i was gay the minute i saw adrienne chanel ’ mom on the cheetah girls my non existent < number > year old dick was mad hard
let 's thank this fantastic jokes day hitler 's birthday .
nice .
columbine massacre .
nice .
jokes about weed .
nice .
let 's thank 20/4
my spirit just will not let me beef over a nigga
plants kill each other by blocking light ( starving ) 1 another , the silence is not without violence and if they could they 'd all be screaming
that 's the thing , most guys do just wanna get laid but not rape anyone .
what ’s a transgender ’s favorite tie ?
a rope .
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
fucking a werewolf can be dangerous if you start before sundown then it can become yiff half way through
honestly i spent the first 5 or so years of being bi ( so starting at age 18 or 19 or so ) feeling this way but that has slowly changed .
not that it matters since i 'm in a ( mostly ) monogamous relationship with a woman .
but if something was to happen and we broke up , i would not exclusively date women i think .
i 'm just saying that these things can change over time too .
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
dna is evil , always accusing mental illness 's for evil actions ... he 's satan alive and being his natural self .
it 's very easy to kill the innocent victim , it 's open season on black people ... they know they wo n't be getting any time in jail for their crimes .
they are a generation of killers ... every where the white man go he leaves a trail of blood .... and that 's all over the planet ...
yeah but can i wear dresses if i m a man ?
sometimes i stand on grates on the side walk and let the aor blow my dreas up like i m marilyn monroe .
trump is speaking in nashville at another of his campaign rallies to the make america great crowd .
got ta wonder if he watched the shows and is aware that hawaii is thwarting is muslim ban .
catch the fireworks below .
.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5suwrljlfc
another extremely entertaining game to watch .
i believe that is 8 of the last ten games they have played extremely well .
discounting the game in anaheim and the game in florida .... this looks like a team on a mission .
having fun yet ?
vern egge deserves the benefit of the doubt .
he 's a very conscientious individual and has been running his own company on his own land correctly for years .
how is embracing known enemies enemies that have sworn to destroy this country and replace it with a muslim caliphate not treason
porn is just the way the jews are trying to stop whites from making more whites you ca nt get your hand pregnant and it turns young men into betas
i lied about the joke .
i lied about lying about the joke .
no , just an american supporting and defending our constitution , which apparently you 've never read .
oh well at least one moslem is now armless goats are happy as well since he also nutless
< user > software engineering all my classes are < percent > white boys and the < number > or < number > ppl who are not are only ever nb girls or coony bm 🙄
quit wetting your knickers over this man .
he so predictably opposes every progressive measure that comes his way .
in other words , he 's dogmatic .
@ericswalwell dude , you definitely wear your wife 's panties atleast 5 days a week .
just sayin .
you are the most beta cuck of cucks ever created .
you 're the kid in school that sat alone because you creeped everyone out .
when you fart , i bet $ it smells like jizz and latex .
have a goodnight 🖕
q how many books were written in africa before white and arabs showed up a none they had never developed a written language black men < number > of the population < number > of the murders wake up they are hunting white women it is not racist it is realist gabfam red pill maga trump
i am afraid issues such as the ill treatment of our military veterans farming of our elderly in foreign staffed care homes neglect of our homeless sacrifice of our children to muslim rape gangs widescale government corruption etc are so common place people no longer give a shit disgraceful
every civilization on earth has exploited , enslaved , murdered , and robbed ... and they 've all been around much longer than the usa .
your kids need you more as parent not only toys !
so be there emotionally , physically and financially .
no , you're totally wrong .
stats prove 20 % smoked pot in the last year , that is just smoked - not regular users .
about 5 - 10 % of the population are regular smoker , and you wrongfully assume they are all men .
some guys play video games , but its a small percentage compared to the percentages of women that watch tv , spend hours on facebook / instagram / etc .
so facebook is better than games ?
there are more unemployed women than men , and are more unfit and overweight women than men .
more women are educated , but they are usually educated in liberal arts crap , or other useless things and are working in stores ... whereas guys take practical education .
dzulo this nigga opened my fridge and found tonic water in there and said muli ndi chomwela koma tea mulibe
no , ford is very electable .
the last election was extremely close with doug ford as a last minute substitute .
with a full campaign he can win .
toronto deserves a great mayor , a mayor who looks out for the interests of the average taxpayer , toronto needs doug ford as mayor .
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
i feel like i 've been asleep the whole week & # 128514;i've been so tired and like have had this not - awake feeling&#128514;&#129300 ;
his thing is retarded and un american
train guy as in the driver this is what happens when your base is mentally retarded and has mental issues
see there him and then there the rest of you niggers
white male coalburners marry negresses on the thinner prettier side niggers get the fat mudsharks
" " " boys convince themselves they are a man by drinking lots of beer and having a vagina nearby to stick themselves into . " "
fucking nailed it "
dude you are fucking stupid .
how would you like it if someone just set you on fucking fire because you like a certain gender .
you are pathetic and the scum of the earth .
is the person behind this account some retarded girl or an autistic degenerate male
i ’m too blасk , too strong .
too strong .
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
stupid goofy opps ass hoes
@realdonaldtrump it does n't work that way ... that 5 % tariff will be coming out of our pockets .
what say you about asylum seekers ?
are you going to continue tearing apart families and caging children ?
lol bill maher thinks moslems are brave a suicide jihadi would run away from me if i told him i had bacon bits on me to send him to hell
all history demonstrates that converting the jew to christianity does not work duh jews are a race and that letting them run free ends in the destruction of white society and terminates in whitegenocide
the situation happens every single day already 

 i.e. , we are flying both norad and nato missions with the cf-18s right now .
there are 6 cf-18s in the baltics for example , and norad missions are daily .
cause he 's white and privileged so fuck him in particular even though he 's raped one person and has been deemed unlikely to be a repeat offender .
but fuck this guy in particular .
nancy pelosi invited illegal aliens to the state of the union president trump invited victims of illegal aliens to the state of the union
my girlfriends actually pan sexual , i may be straight , but i still stand up for lgbtq+ rights because it 's right .
op , your a good man for standing up for lgbtq+ rights , thanks man !
keep crying that people wo nt tolerate your movement while shoving shit like muh trans women have real vaginas down other peoples throats .
you re a joke lol
@iromg @mikeparry8 give him a chance mg ffs .. do a quiz on slippers .. ps please do a show with hooked up to a polygraph .. would be gold
< user > i don ’ t take self help or career advice from white men or most white women most are too blind to poorer dynamics
i read about this a while ago this is actually one of those retarded jews who is on a plane flying over some place that he is not allowed to breath the air fucking retard wrapped himself in a bag until past the airspace
why do feminists hate men who do n't support their children that they do n't want , while giving women every opportunity to not support their children that they do n't want through safe haven and adoption laws ?
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that funny i can not for the life of me remember even one circumstance where any democrat sided with putin kim jon un nazis white supremacist or the kk
@yourdudeferg gay fags
race does n't matter , it 's their actions you fucking idiot .
a person is a piece of shit because they 're a piece of shit .
so that 's why there are so many retards on earth
i 'm a conservative woman and let me clue you into one fact , most men are jerks .
alt left women are equally loathesome .
the debt that bc hydro and bc taxpayers will have to service means that site c energy will not be as cheap as you suggest .
the reason for this dam is service 6 new potential mines in northern bc ; private profits at public expense .
glenn , people are fearful of the unknown is normal , sceptical of politicians rhetoric is advisable , but let 's not forget we are not living in a dictatorship .
a president has to work with congress in order to get anything passed ; ask why obama has used " presidential executive orders " .
the people must be more involved locally and nationally and keep their elected representatives responsive to our needs .
the political system has been corrupted from top to bottom by self interest , expediency to power , and no objective reporting .
always a fun championship match up when both teams are in the bonus with 14 minutes left in the half
wow teachin my daughter how to twerk n take the dick over dat lunch lol bitch will be a boy killer xx hehe latoya having this low of iq and being this much of a ghetto skank proves so much
i ’ m not gon na promote anything of mine free palestine 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 and eid mubarak to all my muslim brothers and sisters ❤ ️ 🕌 🌙
i show boobs @scooby1sam @ryansykes4 @fifthredbull @pankajtwite @keithols3003 @palmer00daniel @andrejkatic01
niggas sleepin with bitches grandmas ? ? ?
lmfao maury fake af
feisty you make fun of the poverty in cuba but have you seen the nigger ghettos here in the us
teaching american history : 
 the confederacy 
 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-omozrbpihxi/vyuck6u4czi/aaaaaaaagdu/raxfrcvkvgm/s1600/flag%2bof%2bhatred-1.jpg 
 our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas ; its foundations are laid , its cornerstone rests , upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man ; that slavery , subordination to the superior race , is his natural and normal condition .
stupid italians .
you 're supposed to build it on land retards .
what does trump being the president * now * have to do with anything ?
so misogyny gets a pass when men like clinton and kennedy leave office ?
this is minor stuff that trump is muttering .
it 's no different than various other stupid mutterings politicians make on a daily / hourly basis .
hardly the same thing as the sexual slavery atwood wrote about .
really , this trump fever is becoming pathological .
surveying gender is easy because there 's only male and female .
are you a woman or a man ?
this will effect dating apps advice .
gay men use dating apps a lot .
and to think flynn was leading the lock her up chants at the republican convention ... https://t.co/uq5obvzfcl
mount evans already has an observatory .
why does colorado need another mountain observatory ?
@alleyesonmani lmfao cancers males are very annoying they childish an pathological liars 😭 😭
i noticed the conservative party calling the trudeau government incompetent by declaring without being asked that they were open to renegotiation of nafta .
we " should n't put our cards on the table . "
the conservative party could also say we should n't declare that we will prepare for what we will do when the sun comes up in the morning .
both the sun coming up and nafta renegotiation ( if the trump administration so desires it ) will happen .
declaring or not declaring you are open to renegotiation of nafta wo n't matter the smallest iota .
the trudeau government is putting a brave face on what will be a difficult situation .
israel wants syria for itself and the rest of the damned sinai too that what this goddamn jewish war we have been fighting since < number > is all about displacing arabs to europe and america so the cunting kikes can steal more land for israel
< number > in < number > google employees are women yeah cos white guys only hire white guys only < number > of comp sci graduates are women kill me
i 'm good , happy to be an american citizen .
love how you tell people to go back to their countries though , i thought you guys loved diversity .
a nicely written piece , and thankfully void of the cultural appropriation angle .
the point the author makes is applicable to anyone although perhaps more poignant for indigenous peoples .
the unfortunate truth is that for many , their main exposure to aboriginal peoples fits the stereotype portrayed in the article .
it seems a disproportionate number of our first nations peoples – at least those in our larger cities -- suffer from substance dependence , mental illness , or both .
this perpetuates the myth , much like the debunked 1950s delusions that all blacks are lazy , or most homosexuals are pederasts 

 indigenous peoples would do well to celebrate their role models and successes --- this would be a much more positive step than the overreactions to the cultural appropriation kerfuffle .
fuck the nigger bowl
nigga did this at 8am on a tuesday morning ... you niggas need to go outside get some air and socialize with the world cause nobody should be this horny url
" in the united states , the average man in virtually every occupation makes more money than the typical women . "
this is ridiculous propaganda .
there are no valid statistics that show that , on average , women working equal hours with equal experience are earning less than their male counterparts in any statistically significant way .
every time the 79 % statistic is used the equal rights side looses support .
you ca n't fight injustice if the data is n't accurate .
it seems as though ncr has become the " marty e " forum .
he has granted himself a status of importance and is veering every conversation off track .
no comment can be made without dear marty jumping in to correct our thinking .
i guess holy marty does not understand that many post here to avoid listening to opinions similar to st. marty 's .
if we did , we 'd visit the register or fr .
z.   i am itching for the block comments feature to be activated .
he need n't worry that his opinions wo n't be posted , they will only be blocked from my screen .
it will be a much easier to find the comments that i really want to read .
men , what does being a man mean to you personally ?
the media talks about supposed over representation of white people in everything from corporations to laboratories nobody says blacks are over represented in the nba and apparently nobody is allowed to say that jews are over represented in the media and let not even mention banks
the fear of jews you have is only going to be your demise .
i suggest you put a bullet in your head like hitler did before life gets harder for you .
there 's enough oil for a few hundred more years actually .
you should 've been born with a vagina fucking pussy
of course ..   we know how big a sheep pussy is .
to know when a sheep has been raped by a pakistani .
when we see such an act has taken place , we bomb one of your terroist camps .
as i do so , this very very small woman glances up , glares at me , and says ' stupid ' .
why small lady ?
why are you calling me stupid ?
@barackobama " thank you president obama for always being concerned about all ethnicities " !
you 're a breath of fresh air that is needed so much right now !
we as a country need to rise up & demand things change !
we need to elect officials who care about us all !
enough is enough !
so for the # trumptreason watch party they should install massive tvs on the dc mall .
bet it 'll be bigger than his inauguration ! #
trumprussia
says a master hot air blower , while hiding behind his computer .
how ironic .
i wonder how many illegal immigrants will still seek sanctuary in california lol
interesting what a statue of trudeau 's father can get you ...
this patriotic american explains beautifully the difference between african americans being snatched up and brought to america as slaves & illegal aliens floating across the rio grand and illegally crossing the southern border .
by " choice " vs by " force " url
do we need any more proof that the left 's obsession with trump is off the charts creepy ?
so insulting a women is misogynist and insulting a man must then of course be sexist , correct ?
< user > immigrants welcome criminal illegal aliens should be deported and maybe we can save the < number > billion a year we waste on them
keep electing islam followers and see how fast you aussi kaffirs convert to peaceful islam these are no h u m b l e aboriginals that you aussis can tame islam followers will make sure of your d e t r u c t i o n islamisevil
just so we 're clear : if you 're not cool with trans folks , including nb folks , we 're not cool
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
robert byrd got out of the kkk in 1952 .
he had denounced it .
you ca n't stay in the present or even near present , can you ?
i wish more senators would have voted thomas down .
byrd was one of very few southern democrats that did n't change to the republican party , after the cra .
and you have 1st hand knowledge that she lied how ?
please be specific .
tough boi
hahah we all know harry has n't been dating since he met louis fucking tomlinson :))
what 's the difference between bruce jenner and bruce banner .
one bruce transforms into a terrifying monster , and the other is the hulk .
the only difficulty murkowski is experiencing is choosing   between self - interest , personal gain vs. public trust .
also another day another proof that men are fucking trash
sis @marwilliamson is giving a good word about the debt that must be paid to black americans with precision and clarity # demdebates url
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
< user > pearl clutching beta male hug a muslim soy boys i have got to remember that one
feminists ' superpower is nagging url
fr .
martin is a voice of reason in a sea of culture war " intrinsically disordered , do n't ask do n't tell " catholics .
i particularly liked an essay fr .
martin wrote a couple years ago in america about how cruel and unrealistic it is to expect gay men to become faithful catholics ( google " what should a gay catholic do " to find it ) .
there were these three girls : snowflake , raindrop , and cinderblock .
well , one day snowflake was feeling a little curious so she went up to her mom and asked , " mom , why did you name me snowflake ? "
and her mom said " well , when you were born we came outside of the hospital and a snowflake fell on your nose . "
the next day raindrop was a little curious so she went up to her mom and aske , " mom , why did you name me raindrop ? "
and her mom said , " well , when you were born we came outside the hospital and a raindrop fell on your nose . "
then the next day cinderblock came up to her mom and said , " dur < elong > ﻿
ashit goosebjumps and feelings fucking hiomestuck why do you do th ist o me
whiteskins are so stuped by xtianity they think jews are just fellow whites with bbn no they are different race sick of racists who do nt take race seriously
odd is n't it john , that “ the people of lot , ” ( what muslims call gays ) are usually pro - islam .
unfortunately , there is no reciprocity is there .
why do dudes have to play the " you 're not serious , just wanting to fight " card when women call them out on solutions with ill consequences ?
.
@nicemangos is a voice of reason and @rubinreport is a conspiracy theorists , far right lunatics enabler .
it 's not even a hard choice
we love our inclusive queen
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
i literally could never conceptualize a black queer person until i was like < number > i fully was under the impression that queerness was a white people thing because of the words and actions of my community
he 's making sure if it 's ok for the bitches http://t.co/we7obtketb
i am beyond angry at this traitorous excuse of a man .
to be such a bold liar and swindler of gigantic proportions .... leaves me speechless .............
it 's clear that we need this expanded housing , so it feels natural just to read this and think , " good . "
but i ca n't forget that this whole huge project was n't even in the city 's plans when it came up for the opportunity fund grant this year .
that 's especially striking when the housing authority 's director says the project is " long overdue " and " the largest development in years . "
--   it does seem like the sort of undertaking that would need good , solid advance planning .
there are other worrisome things about this report   --   e.g. , should n't the reengineering of part of the city 's street grid be based on more than " they said high school kids fly down park [ avenue ] " ?
you know , something old - fashioned like data ?
i certainly wish this project well   --   and have the uneasy feeling that it may need luck to replace the solid analysis and planning that seems not to have been done .
cool i see white people having babies with asians and blacks at this moment
bitch slut ass whore
... the jew shall have my flesh , blood and bones and all ...
new obama regulations will make it harder to hire and promote men
tucker carlson will interview donna brazile tonight on his show .
when someone does n't know simple things , like that " women " is plural , i assume english is n't their first language , or it 's a mental handicap .
it 's fine , i 'm damn near mentally handicapped when it comes to math .
it 's just that people with terrible grammar always tend to be the ones saying terrible or rude things .
that guy who punched the nazi but for anti vaxxers
lol look at fucking sherlock 's homo over here .
hey , great sleuth work there faggot .
you seem smarter than the regular coon .
regardless , only a retarded nigger would make a comment like yours .
" us " is racist because it was made by a racist ( like you ): > peele revealed this during a talk at the upright citizens brigade theatre , according to the hollywood reporter , where he stated that he did n't see himself casting a " white dude " as a lead in his movies .
dumb goomba eat my asshole
rt @adampacitti : he 's gonna fucking do it .
you all doubted me .
hype . #
wrestlemania
i tried this at wendy 's after pride a few weeks ago .
the cashier asked my name and i said rachel because i was dressed fairly femme .
she wrote down richard .
fucking richard .
i 'm pre - hrt , but like , i had a purse on my shoulder , makeup on my face , a skirt and trans pride shirt on , and painted nails .
yes , i am totally a richard .
sucks too cause it 's my deadname 's middle name .
it 's like my reaction when i found out white people do n't have white poop
it 's funny how the nancy pelosi type democrats ' quest for a no border nation , and pandering to immigrants has backfired .
we will turn on you .
white liberals assume oh poor little brown people , they love the u. s. and everyone should be welcome here , yeah lets you sing the same tune when all those old white men running congress gets replaced by all black and brown congress .
we are going to fight for ( us ) for a change .
conservatives are smart and see this .
i ca nt stand white liberals .
your the most racist people because you think we ca n't aspire to much .
time to get rid of this anachronism called the lcbo .
why should the government be in the business of selling alcohol ?
privatize it now .
reasons i 'm glad i am not liberal -- i do n't have to pretend that : 

 1.oprah is inspiring 
 2.chelsea is smart / pretty 
 3.hillary even once by accident did a good job at anything 
 4.hollywood / media is correct about anything 
 5.bj clinton is a statesman ( ditto : obama / w / carter ) 
 6.there are more than 2 sexes .

let me cut their dicks off too .
are there any good analyses of the racial makeup of the accusers and the accused in title ix kangaroo court cases post dear colleague letter ?
an interesting article and from an actuary and partner at morneau shepell .
it shows how out of touch with canadians politicians , especially the liberals , and bureaucrats in ottawa are with regular canadians .
it is tough to save for one 's retirement when the cost - of - living consumes the bulk of your income and the governments are nickel and diming us for more and more in taxes .
if you can save - put the money into your tfsa , especially if you 're young .
also , surprisingly , this guy forgot to mention tfsas , the best savings vehicle since sliced bread and far superior to rrsps for real tax savings and ‘ rainy day ’ flexibility .
a proper retirement plan should include a balance between regular after - tax investments ( i.e. tax free upon withdrawal ) , tfsas and , lastly , rrsps .
rrsps are overrated as you can have too much money in your rrsp and due to government mandated withdrawal rates end up paying more in taxes than were deferred originally .
sadly - the house always wins .
debra anderson chair of act for america minnesota chapter said she has been trying for four years without success to get minnesota sheriffs to train their departments to better prepare and deal with sharia related crime such as fgm honor violence and terrorism
at risk of telling you more than you want to know : milo yiannopoulos is a senior editor at breitbart news .
the creeps at breitbart prop him up because , as a self - loathing gay man , my is useful to them .
they promoted his “ tour ” from the get - go : " suck it up buttercups : dangerous f*ggot tour returns in september ” ( 7/6/2016 ): www.breitbart.com/milo/2016/07/06/milo-yiannopoulos-dangerous-faggot-tour-returns-campuses-fall/ 
 my is pathetic , more to be pitied than scorned .
his message is right wing cliches that are notable only because they are spewed by a gay man who both encourages gay men to stay in the closet and flaunts his own homosexuality for profit .
people have every right to protest if they so choose .
they do not have the right to commit violence , to do harm , to cause damage ; they especially do n’t have the right to stop the man from speaking .
it ’s incredibly stupid .
it transforms a pathetic figure into a sympathetic one .
< user > lies trying to ban transgender people is your priority and considering slutlania was a lesbian porn extra i say fuck her
whitecountries no longer exist a white country does not allow itself to be invaded whitepeopleawake must consolidate in order to survive whitegenocide rebuild and advance without the threat of der jude and it antiwhite allies you are in the middle of a racewar run by culturalmarxists that will not stopwhitegenocide
here i thought south indians were the smart ones smh .
hoes gone be hoes . #
dontbemad
if anyone is interested in a meet up please feel free to pm me so we can set something up we are now in toronto and st catharines .
overpraising dads ?
to become a dad one literally just has to put their penis in a vagina .
that 's it .
it requires no special skills or abiliities at all .
i do n't know anyone who has ever treated a man with praise for that " accomplishment " .
desert fox says < date > < number > at < time > what would you expect from the chicago ghetto people and the no clue major media love them because they are of the same caliber
< user > lets go work out there with the white bitches
you get applauded for saying women are smarter than men as a feminist
oh .... definitely .
a girl who is * trying * is 10 times more attractive .
also , high school boys are basically walking boners .
even more proof that most men are unattractive to the average women
well no jesus christ are all anti - vaxx people this retarded
@kirrii23 angry dumbass , slutty gay , chaotic bitch , tired thot
gangbanged by a couple of lowly thugs ... how pathetic .
url
i like that you 're bi because it means you 'd be open to a threesome .
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
in a massachusetts a moslem scum is running for office while a member of terrorist group cair
hundreds of long island residents support driver 's licenses for all , regardless of immigration status , for a safer ny ! #
greenlightny 🚘 🚦   a 2017 study by stanford university attributed a 7 % drop in hit - and - runs in california to that state 's change in its driver 's license law .
url
any " weaponaization " going on can be directly and solely traced to the homophobia and bigotry regarding transgendered people that are rampant in our society .
if lgtbq people did n't face so much marginalization , the need for militant advocacy would be moot .
sadly , only recently has society even begun to accept that lgtbq people are just that ... people .
hahahaha cops changing tactics in the ghetto
if women are supposed to be equal to men why ca n't they put the toilet seat back up when they 're done ?
am i right guys ?
oh that evil girl that caused her old men to be unavailable to pay her off for years of abuse .
totally destructive of the old man to go to jail   - once again - it 's the girl 's fault .
you are consistent - ignorant as anyone could be in this day and age . ,
but consistent in your 1960 's stance .
what should have   the girl done ?
what do you believe outsider ?
just when would it not be the woman 's fault ?
and why do you hate women so much ?
i have been making it a point to read more stories with lesbians other queer protagonists because i still experience random gay guilt as i am recovering from years of family conservative christianity it very validating healing to read stories that reflect your existence
via @nytimes having a positive attitude will make you a better problem solver # earthoptimism https://t.co/0rih5ur9vr
maybe they wanted her to look like a man that just transitioned .
inclusion .
they should have just gone the whole mile and made her black and walk with a limp as well as being a trans woman .
if you knew his real story you would n't spout the " silver spoon " crap .
after nick disappeared , his widow picked quite the second husband .
i used to work for him .
many years later , there he was on america 's most wanted for gyping rich ladies out of their money .
i almost lost my cookies .
you think that was a picnic for markie ?
if you knew what we called him in school , you 'd shut your trap , cheechako !
he 's a good man who tried to his best for him home : alaska !
a wild misdreavus has appeared !
it 's iv is 75.56 .
despawns at 23:12:17 ( 27 m 7s ) .
https://t.co/bg0j72l71v
well , i 'll be 31 in a few weeks .
back when i started college ( 2006 ) i did n't know i was trans because i just thought of trans people as the people who do drag shows .
all i knew was that i felt comfortable going through life as male and that i hated being grouped with women or masculine lesbians .
that was n't me .
i realized i was trans in my 20s though but it was before it got all the publicity that it does now .
same .
i 'm 27 and only this year realized i 'm a lesbian , after years thinking i was bi , making excuses to not date men , and trying explain why i do n't want to be with men , well , turns out it 's because i 'm a lesbian that never really questioned my lack of attraction to men .
ahh , feels good , like a huge weight lifted off my shoulders !
that was in a 3 year span .
who knows hi / goodbye if even that .
at the age of 63 , i do n't know who i met when i made the age of 60 , do n't even know if i even celebrated that at all .
yikes !
most sensible people already know abuse is not ok , regardless of gender .
# photography # plane flying over buildings by zong qin https://t.co/ghxgrtupih https://t.co/in81ermonn
yeah bro the globalists hate the jews that why they bend over backwards to persecute anyone who criticizes the jews because the jews are the real victims of globalism now this is pilpul
status quo should not be sending money to foreign countries‼️ they should earn our support‼️ get the world off u.s. welfare‼️ @realdonaldtrump
oh i am not triggered i am actualy laughing my ass off at a retard like you such a pathetic christian you can not grasp your head around gravity wells or how an atmosphere is confined to that gravity well or even how particle physics work within a gravity well
if white males are so sexist , how did margret thatcher , pm of england get elected ?
if i recall , she got elected because she had a history of doing what she said she would do , not because she carried a ladies purse .
one would have to sit in on a class surreptitiously in order to gauge the tone of the instruction but i see nothing wrong with a course that encourages and supports girls to resist the onslaught of pressure from media , social media and hormone charged boys to look and act like $ 5 porn actresses .
fuck off homo fag
ah , when these freaks finally just candidly admit who and what they are : so indifferent to a woman 's desires they can only conceive of self - gratification .
why * ca n't * we have gynoids for these subhumans ?
one incel , one sexbot .
hopefully with some discreet vagina dentata that 'll take them irrevocably out of the gene pool .
< number > if u saw someone naked u had to take ur wudhu again muslim twitter go off
hey girl are you my dick cause i m about to beat the shit out of you
get ready to send your son 's and daughters to die for oil suckers .
me givin my nigga away for 80 mil # whatifnetflix url
ambulance / firetruck outside my building .
it is weird how i have to wonder if someone called in a false report on me .
waiting it out to see .
< user > the indisputable fact is that the majority of the illegal immigrants in india are muslim there should be a policy to tackle the issue of illegal immigration irrespective of their religion what are your suggestions
fuck religion .
its you people who cause all of the wars .
come at me
good luck trying to make the railroad   pay for it , they make as much money as the post office .
sooooooo i suppose the car - thief getting out and shooting at mr. floyd , in the trailer park , with kids there , was a totally acceptable response .
no reckless there !
i 'm sure the thieving * * * hat that started the -high - speed - chase- , and was likely a felon already , had no responsibility for the situation , he was simply trying to defend his stolen property from a citizen trying to recover it by using a * likely - stolen * firearm .
nice .
got it .
we 'll just all throw up our hands and surrender everything we have to the junkies , wastoids , and thieves robbing and burglarizing everything in sight .
i 'm sure apd will step right up * coughcough * and take care of it for us .
@davegander @3yearletterman @titaniamcgrath if you said this shit while at practice i d deck you and deliver a devastating downfield block on your mom
islam playing hide the salam
fucking a werewolf can be dangerous if you start before sundown then it can become yiff half way through
democrat party = organized crime ... ! ! !
alt retard is gon na alt retard cultlife
what is my favorite thing about transexuals ?
their suiscide rate
one religious person and one with some uninvented mental condition .
yup .
i was surprised at that too .
while a sad time for canada , slavery was n't as prominent here in canada as it was elsewhere .
canada had around 4,200 slaves during that period mostly purchase from the native nations themselves .
85 % of slaves were used in quebec .
france had around 250,000 during that period .
g&m also wrote an article about it back in feb 2014 , " 200 years a slave : the dark history of captivity in canada " .
it was based on quebec historian marcel trudel 's findings .
some additional context , pbs.org   wrote an article based on the trans - atlantic slave trade database , edited by professors david eltis and david richardson .
apparently , 10.7 million africans were shipped to the new world , but only 388,000 were shipped directly to north america ( ie u.s. ) .
all these people say they do not like violence unthinkable keep it legal they sure like this woman shooting up youtube do not they violence is commitment everyone respects it
< user > haa beti wale line mai thoda over cheesey ho gaya social media pe but uske kehne ka matlb tha he cares his wife like his daughter
@castro4congress @billmillerbarbq @historicpearl this is the kind of shit the nazis were pulling on the jews in germany before they decided to , " take action and eliminate the problem " .
its straight out of the book .
little faggot
all them big ass niggers on the field and the kickers did all the work
nope , not true .
they pay billions that are what are used to fund state government .
also , just so you know , the $ 700 million is not per year , but over many years .
just more propaganda .
the truth is easy to find , just look a little .
might just as well throw niggers and street shitters in there too as long as were going to clean the house lets get it all the first time
the followers of jesus were called disciples and today we use the term " people of god " .
it includes laity and clergy and catholics and protestants .
jesus was inclusive .
trade free follows ?
i have 320 320 x 320 or less i can go first for extras tweet me on @crytrading & # 128151 ; & # 128151 ;
i expect niglets first then divorce bitch gon na get royal paid
( 4 ) a devastating and intentional ( politic ) massacre raid to mark his return to his québec hq in 1689 , a member of the british colony will " sponsor " with muskets the lachine massacre ( montréal ) by armed fighter iroquois ( mohawks ) , making clear to frontenac not 
 to implement this time his second mega expedition and mostly ... the ohio valley !
général frontenac ; “ ... “ armed ” fighter mohawks with firearms ? ? ? ... ”
( it was forbidden by a decree of the king of england to all members of the 13 colonies to provide weapons ( musket ) to one of 5 nations iroquois ( mohawk ) to be used against the french ) 
 général frontenac is such wrath since he can not mobilize its “ official ” french troops against that " sponsor " of the british colony of new york , oui ? .
( more to come )
ukraine is literally under us control and these nazis are soros operatives you are a fake or the most gullible man on earth edit i am adding bitch bitch fag fuck bitch bitch to stay at your level ^^
got ta luv these liberal run cities and states they put our muslim enemies in positions of power and authority heck they even give em guns and cars all courtesy of the taxpayers for some reason i am having trouble seeing the wisdom in this type of ill conceived liberal logic
your threats of punishment , even of imaginary punishment like hell , are to those who similarly believe in such a place the opposite of good .
the anguish they feel is entirely and completely from your bigotry and those like you .
if homosexuality was actually an illness is n't it compassion you should show ?
at least then you would be mistaken and still a moral person in your ignorance ?
i am here and i am not queer so too bad for the internet then
i predict that the revered cardinal will be able to find many women who will agree that women should be segregated and discriminated against , restricted to an advisory capacity .
there will be enough women lining up and signing up for this , and all these women will agree that no woman is qualified or good enough to be an actual cardinal or an actual priest , and that women are limited and lacking because they have merely a supposed ' feminine genius ' and not a male genius .
therefore , shut the women up in a separate segregated group and ignore them .
what a travesty !
if i deal with a nigga idgaf about who he use to fuck with u bitches find stalk me 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
bitches have a baby and act like they never ate pussy b4 😂 😂 carpet muncher
a lawyer representing jordan salter < number > who was accused of bringing a knife to marjory stoneman douglas high school in parkland florida said he does not blame students for wanting to bring in weapons before you see the pic how many would bet it a niglet caught with a knife
.@melbournecity ( and yes we know the reason why he 's out here is not to put his hand up for the job ) or is it ? ... & #
128527;&#128527;&#128527 ;
a friend brought a small little finger nail cleaning knife to school , a teacher found out , and he got expelled ...
an if u ai nt a hoe get up out my trap hoooouusssee ! ! ! !
< user > saying her thighs black and the color of her hair look like donald trump
hey < user > will you need jews to figure out how to implement your retarded mars colonization plan
the little man with the small man syndrome is at it again .
what the heck is a " temblor " , and why is it that only print news reporters ever use this odd word for " earthquake " ?
this is getting ridiculous to air every minor allegation to ever have occurred .
maybe the media should start a hollywood list of men who have n’t been accused of sexual harassment .
or to make it even mildly interesting , document the victim ’s retaliation .
such as : “ movie set nobody slaps star in the face for pinching buttocks ( oh , and it happened thirty years ago ) ”
so do alt lite jew and nigger loving faggots
" the funny thing is that china is now trudeau bff " 

 - 

 steve harper is jealous ?
he thought he was china 's bff !
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
what do you get when throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtqbbq
what is wrong with slut talk and fas as negro talk that belongs on the plantation
i 'm getting sick of women getting bodied by guys
agreed .
and kisla is n't talking about the run - of - the - mill fan in denver who support them regardless of record .
he 's talking about respect from national reporters and fans .
and to get that , they need to win this game .
< user > queer jews unite 💘 🥰
hey , step bro , you wanna , like , have sex with me ?
well , sure , if you incest
germans are a bunch of faggots it is not even your country anymore youse are done
huh ?
sure seems to me that these folks are showing their delight , not a sense of miserableness .
people !
this was an act of terrorism ! !
jihadist is here now ! !
the challenge is , land costs in vancouver are so high , that building a three bedroom apartment unit commands a resale price of well over a million dollars .
so working families looking for an affordable housing model are still priced out .
the second issue is the commodification of housing here in metro vancouver .
it is more lucrative for developers to build small one bedroom units , and lots of them - and in turn sell them to investors or speculators , or simply those that want to deposit money ( overseas or otherwise ) into a tidy little safety deposit box .
outside of metro vancouver - yes townhouses and multi - bedroom units become more affordable due to lower land costs , and are more available as they are a viable alternative for working families .
the show will being all of the glories to the wonderful kingdom of saudi arabia , originating from the * * beautiful * * city of riyadh !
people will see just how triumphant the kingdom of saudi arabia is and not at all a backwards , misogynistic , violent , homophobic theocracy !
if you are white and act ghetto the left will like you
and no one should forget the paki family collection of data on < number > democrats in the house their voting records and associations need to be front and center
so you condone this attack by an immigrant ?
just kill all white males who own guns .
problem solved !
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
@sebgorka @jack @twitter obviously much better to separate them from their families , molest them , and detain them til you can adopt them off at a profit in order to teach them a valuable lesson about merit based immigration and the need for a wall .
a little over dramatic there elag .
if any politician has that much control over your outlook on life then its time to reconsider priorities .
i thought prez o was a train wreck but i did n't allow him to cast his shadow over me .
although , if hrc were elected ....
what ’s a transgender ’s favorite tie ?
a rope .
please enlighten us to the exceptions ...
you are a gross individual .
you 're probably friends or family of this mental man .
that cat did not deserve to die .
< user > where did you dig up this hillbilly
and look at all the fuss over cannabis .
there has never been a murder , manslaughter , or drugged driving from just cannabis alone .
for that matter with all of the addiction ( usually social , work , wasted life problems with drugs ) when has anyone been arrested for drunken driving ( and caused a death or accident ) from the different types of opioids ?
like my brother   in 1981 , in seattle 22 yrs old , got off work , had bought some street pills (   had rat poisoning , demerol , valium in them ) had a drink at home , watching lady sings the blues he fell asleep and stayed in a twilight coma for 2 yrs in a nursing home , died 2 years later .
comparing alcohol crimes and deaths is n't the point of the very tragic story of this wonderful lady .
but i guess it is good people on drugs stay home , or rob a home with a gun , as they would likely kill somebody falling asleep at the wheel .
there are no sentences that replace the loss of any person .
but i hope this teen is put in prison and learns .
prayers .
what a fucking idiot i love when horny little fucking dumb ass dudes make this kinda shit cuz you actually look puny and fucking pathetic you make the most useless content and you think you have the right to even speak let alone tell all ur mainly female followers this shit url
i do n't think this will be material on the true ' small ' business owner , since the costs of accounting for small incomes and managing to defer tax are n't likely worth the gains because their marginal tax rates are also low .
the greatest pushback ( and likely most organized and vocal lobby ) will come from those with the most to lose .
they can afford the accounting , and access the specialized products to make them count to reduce taxes .
from expensing large ul policies which include cash savings that can be withdrawn tax free , to deducting vacations , they benefit vs. a similarly paid employee in a very material way .
as a result , higher income earners are growing ever more likely to change business structures to gain from less tax .
my brother lives in calgary , and his oil company employer laid him off , paid for his accounting to set up his company , and worked through a complex array of compensation .
end result , less cost for oilco , more cash for him , paid for by less tax for society
beijing millionaires and wanna be beijing millionairesses who squeeze money from the rest of us !
and stupid blind white men with blinders !
< user > < user > and stop nazis winning
what does a eraser company and an abortion clinic have in common ?
they both make money from your mistakes
she only grew a beard and threw on a strap - on cause she knew you had a pickle and she really wanted an 🍆 # sizematters
hey kids pay us for making our enemies kill each other while we jews laughed in hotels summer camps disguised as concentration camps
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
i worry about any1 who excludes their own race as a dating option .
but that 's just me .
' 
 https://www.impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org 
 .
https://www.change.org/p/the-people-impeach-donald-j-trump 
 .
trump is nothing but a belligerent childish buffoon .
he 's a traitorous and treasonous con man .
he should be impeached .
.
resist trump .
resist trumpism .
.
.
here are some things everyday people can do every single day to resist trump .
.
silence is not an option : resisting the right in the age of trump | the smirking chimp 

 http://www.smirkingchimp.com/thread/bill-berkowitz/70491/silence-is-not-an-option-resisting-the-right-in-the-age-of-trump 

 indivisible : a practical guide for resisting the trump agenda ( web version ) — indivisible guide 


 https://www.indivisibleguide.com/web
< number > sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me < number > wah not my president i am triggered you are a rayciss xenophobe homophobe islamophobe biggoted cisgendered white male i need a safe space to crawl off to and be a big pussy in
i regularly tell people that if i ever have kids i 'm going to kennel train them , none of that babysitter nonsense .
going out for the night , throw some kibble in a bowl in the corner , top off the comically large hamster water bottle , and throw a sheet over the cage .
i hope you get everything you wanted and that you chose , i hope that its the realest thing that you ever know
lol , like obama 's failure to unite this nation has anything to do with skin color .
i agree with you , who would ever believe the republicans could ever perform a credible investigation into benghazi , even after , what was it , 9 tries ?
and everyone knows the fbi has zero investigative skills when it comes to email servers .
/sarcasm
i swear porch monkeys and sand niggers have no honor whatsoever if the kikes were pushing for european migration into africa and the middle east to out breed the porch monkey and sand niggers there i could never find myself moving there just for that purpose
unc huge win 2night over oregon 77 - 76 , amazingly got the win w / hicks&amp;berry going a combine 3of26 fgs .
rebounding key , national title monday
as a white person i am sick and tired of being judged by the colour of my skin by people who have complained for decades about being judged by the colour of theirs
dr. ravi prakash from @khpt_blr explains how the samata intervention to reduce # childmarriage in india targeted girls , boys , communities , and schools to change norms linked to girls ' education .
url
left journalists ruining videogames for job because even a fucking car had to be gay in some way
i got ta say as a woman i love it and white boys can not get hired these days because of these cunt feminazi demanding diversity choosing shitskins over kin not that i want to see our men reduced to this but payback is a bitch
i thought it was because they wanted to be prettier than the liberal women 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
because femininity is so horrible !
@jonnyg313 i 'm not sexist but if a dude cries because of a girl in a wedding dress then he has a vagina
just so we 're clear : if you 're not cool with trans folks , including nb folks , we 're not cool
how do you circumcise a redneck ?
kick his sister in the jaw
i wish it was n't real , but it is .
where 's the young guys walking around with big meat 😂 😂 dm me # pussysyndicate # sexdate # playwithme # snapcode # adultchat # cumshot # webcam # wanktribute # show # livestreaming # cutie # cumtribute # trx # bitch # analsex # worship # datenight # titties # sexe # clips4sale # cocksucking
twp is not siege idk what have you that retarded idea
@virgiivision @jonaspablo45 @andreasfp96 if your ma had a dick she would be your da ! ! !
its a big fucking if you nonce 😂
@charliekirk11 if # omar thinks america is so terrible , she should go back to somalia .
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
if you do not know the difference between ghetto drive by and ambushing unarmed people like a coward and challenging someone to an honor based duel on equal terms then there really no point discussing it further
" homosexual men define their own masculinity . "
it 's bs statements like that that invite ridicule .
if you insist on entering the fray in that manner , do n't complain when the truth kicks you right in the hiney .
simply put , it is the antithesis of masculinity for a man to --- i 'll remain polite --- have another man sexually .
there is more to race than just skin color .
i am 52 yo and i have experienced numerous times    being watched in stores , from being a young adult to current times .
i do n't take offense because i personally know how much shoplifting occurs daily by all shoppers , white , black .
male , female , young and old .
i was   actually arrested while in college for recklessly   damaging property and was treated very poorly by the arresting officer , who was a white male .
i was completely ignored by a salesman at a car dealership , when i was there to actually buy a car , most likely because i was dressed poorly .
i am a very respectful , polite white male so   how does one explain the behavior i experienced ?
simply it is   a fact of life .
the world is full of good people and bad .
everything in life should not be taken as personal .
as i explained above i faced racial and sexual discrimination due to affirmative action   when i applied for employment with my job in 1987 .
white privilege is a false construct perpetrated by the liberal left .
hahahaha @mr9iceguy : a woman should not be proposing to a man under no circumstances b .. u ca nt tell me nothing .
call me sexist idccccc
joaquin phoenix executed the role of the joker perfectly that was an excellent movie def go see it
push like a man !
should n't mulan be played by a caucasian man to be equal and fair to everyone ?
christopher , i have a unique perspective on this being one of just a handful of white members in my church family .
the problem arises in the fact that most of the white members do n't understand institutional racism , racial profiling and those types of maters because their exposure to it is only surface .
the truth is that you really ca n't understand it unless you 've really spent time with those on the other side of the fence and get a true sense of the reality that is faced .
i have come to fully understand that i was born into white privilege and after joining my local church because i can see the inequality in the lives between the two cultures first hand .
every chance i get i try to speak out about the issues you brought up here because i agree with everything you have said in this article about this injustice and i know christ would not want any of us to stay silent .
sending love in christ
they have refugees to import
some people will hate you talk about you then they see you and show respect
as my gpaw always said .
i ai n't racist .
sexist .
or homophobic .
you 're all assholes .
especially you bitch .
i like the five gay guys it uplifting
bought these bitches breakfast and now getting kissed on my cheeks non stop ... lol .
check out is literally in 5 mins tho
for more information on the opposition to this proposed tower visit www.friendsofamazoncreek.org .
there you can sign a petition to make your voice heard .
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
i 'm a preachers kid and very open about not being religious .
being the child of a pastor does not mean anything about your individual worldview .
there was some fucking tea spilled at work today i thought two girls were gon na fight
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
historically speaking , the only time people have actually tried to cause meaningful change in america outside electoral bounds is when their regional identification superseded their national connection .
how about starting with saudi arabia where gay men are not beaten but simply killed off .
or many other muslim majority countries where penalty for being gay is death ?
wait , do we sell weapons to these countries ?
how ethical is that ?
at least we are not selling guns to chechnya .
< user > bub happily crawls into her arms hugging into her neck with a coo
a lesbian lass from khartoum once invited a queer to her room they spent the whole night in a terrible fight over who would do what and to whom
i was able to sight it in before the rain started .
@arrbazahmad @mudgalneelesh @bababanaras so you admit that pakistan did pulwama !
cowards , we are coming .
put lubes in your sisters ' pussies and your own ass .
nonhindi speaking states who gleefully voted for bjp , it was tn mps of opposition who stopped the postal examination in hindi & english .
now all regional languages will be allowed .
we helped give jobs to your people even when you voted against yourself .
who is nationalist now ?
i wish you a holy ash wednesday and a blessed lent .
pace - monica .
well you are white trash so fuck off
@frankielussst a horny limp dick 30 yr old rlly fighting with a bomb ass bitch , now that s what you call sad and worthless 😒 💅 🏼
standards and safety do not matter what important is making sure that feminists are happy so that they do not say mean things to white men heaven forbid that a white man tells a woman the word no
mtf transwomen should nt have to compete against men in the olympics when they can compete in the special olympics instead
you nailed it gary .
most men outgrow their self - centered   fantasies as they mature , but evidently johnson and trump remain stuck in   their adolescence .
or are we all being suckered into huffing and puffing over a letter that was meant as pure delicious satire ?
niggas sleepin with bitches grandmas ? ? ?
lmfao maury fake af
soy boy pussys grow a cock and balls and grow up
even more proof that most men are unattractive to the average women
no idea what in the hell this one is for or about but said ad is dysfunctional on top of miscegenational epsilon level < number > eyed pansy male white woman mystery meat urkel kid perhaps a sambo girl adopted why would anyone but a racially sick person adopt black africa finest pathetic wn
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
< user > < user > < user > my pasty white ass needs it for real tho heather u and ur hubby should join us next time make it a pftpm posse remote meer up
< user > < user > < user > < user > you must be fool some handful of ullas does not represent kashmir it belongs to < number > lac kashmiri pandits aswell who were butchered and raped and forced to exile from their own lands go home kid you need a better tutor
i do n't take political advice or   care for political opinions from celebs
' depression runs in the family ' 
 cope for ugliness runs in our genetics
" let 's repeat : one anonymous source is n't news and herd journalism is not investigative journalism . "
um , sylvia , they have 2 sources for this story .
rather comical you are chiding everyone here about " questioning media " , when clearly you are not keeping up with the facts of this particular story .
i 'm guessing you got this " one source " line from one of your favorite news outlets which is probably just parroting the right wing talking points on the matter .
you should take your own advice and question your media outlets , instead of chiding people who are using more truthful media outlets than you .
a gay who is respectful to others conducts his personal life privately discretely does not seek to force others to celebrate gayness obeys our laws especially those regarding controlled substances sexual contact with minors there are many such gays i have no problem with them
@taylaparx ... i connect to this on a spiritual level 😩 but i 'm asian hsjsks
why can not women be catholic priests because you can not shove a vagina up a little boy arse
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
moving the cars to ensure they wo n't hit anything ?
what do engineering people do nowadays ?
what if it had a clearance problem ?
children 20 - 30 years from now will look at the pilings and say ... what were those knuckleheads thinking ?
they are going to nickle and dime us to death .. when i pay 3 bucks an hour at the parking meter i 'm gon na be upset
self explanatory .
i get on the gay dating app grindr and roast fags like yourself .
i also find mentally damaged queers to have filthy sex with .
it 's because after the initial interest women realise you 're full of shit the man does n't match the impression they get .
for example if you act all idgaf and thug and all this shit , and then like a pushover once you get attention .. their hindbrain goes # alert alert lying cuck betamax faggot detected
fuck off homo fag
where is all the money coming from to pay these women to make sexual harassment claims ?
i am not homophobic faggot
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
idk how to act when guys actually treat me the way i deserve ?
like what do you mean you do n't /just/ wanna fuck me ? ?
" ladbrokes , a british gambling company , offers a market for bets that the president will resign or be impeached before the end of his first term .
on sunday , that market implied that the chance of such an outcome was 55 percent .
at paddy power , an irish competitor running hundreds of markets related to the trump presidency , the implied probability of impeachment was 40 percent . "
< user > why is the whistleblower a he i really hope it a she or maybe an immigrant from a shithole country or someone gender nonconfirming or trans two out of three would be op
< user > hitler literally killed off < number > < number > of the world population of jews so who the badder bitch
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
these bitches fuck who win that ’ why i always win the streets took my dawg in turned me into a man
look at the useless limp clit on that bitch .
better get used to getting it deep slutboy , not much else you could do , you were born to serve so moan all you want cause this is your life now .
when he 's done with you stay put .. many more queuing to breed you url
she ugly anyways
should've won that bloody match , damn it ref .
ibra 's goal was n't even offside damn it
an example of a faggot whose dick has been turned into a clit over which the # alpha has complete control .
url
what 's meant is that they are not dangerous criminals .
overstaying your visa hurts literally no one .
there are not even enough illegal immigrants to impact the economy or job market ( not that illegal immigrants can easily get decent jobs anyways ) .
songs are considered racist but paki moslem child rape gangs are not
“ eat shit and die ! ”
me while swatting at flies !
paul "   you use the term " l illegible voters . "
i know you meant " eligible " , but you might have meant that you just ca n't " read " what they 're thinking ;   you might have meant " illegal" ... but i thought all of those folks wwere supposed to have voted for clinton ; you might have meant " illegitimate " ( a euphmism for b#$s$$rd ) , but you 're a nice guy , so probably not .
so i 'll go with eligible .
may i agree the democratic party , after months ( actually years ) of hard work , managed to find the one candidate who could n't beat trump .
it was n't easy but leave it to today 's dnc to $ # @$$% it up .
gary crum
if a nuclear attack on hawaii does occur , there is a 99,94/100 % chance that the the united states staged the attack so that they could blame north korea .
that is the american way .
< user > still many soul are alive in indian they will never allow to happen what happen to jews in 1 9 3 0 in germany we are with you
you never thought you 'd put on women 's clothing before me now you 're even sucking cock for me 😂 😂 oh well it 's the only thing you know now 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ get used to it bitch # findom url
# marchgenocide99 # yapnasimi # 31marchthebloodiestpageofourhistory # gtmecy terror does not have a nation , language , race , color or age .
with it 's elegangt looks + plush interiors , ciaz is the leader in the midsize sedan segment ! #
challengetheunchallenged @nexaexperience
if only my country would have been reduced to half , got fucked by india 4 times straight , my 93000 coward soldiers rescued by them , i would troll india too .
you 're a guy , should n't you be able to change your own oil ?
what kind of asian are you idk bby hut something between abg and white washed
thank you for sharing , sorry this thread got a little " clumsy " with unnecessary banter .
i 'm an atheist , but i can not neglect the cumulative religious experience of the vast majority of the world 's populace .
merely because i do not believe , does not dictate that i can not understand or appreciate what other 's hold dear .
actually business investment initially picked up after the crash .
along with infrastructure , it is one of the things that slowed when jt came along .
there is a differance between waiting for you love and ignore the rest and waiting while you have fun with others .
you are correct .
i live in texas , and fish on the gulf coast frequently .
the best fishing is around the rigs .
most   of the shrimp boats are seen around them as well .
the east coast elites just do not want their view interrupted with the rigs that could free us from any further involvement with the middle east .
america does not really need any other nation to support them .
we are one of the richest nations in natural resources .
middle east thinks they can control the rest of the world with their oil .
your a dumb ass you ca nt fight lol pussy do something about it pussy be for i fuck your mom homeboy
< user > < user > these are the kind of immigrants we all should welcome
i have more important things to do like saving the boys and men in this country from bigotry and sexism ...... 
 men and boys have been persona non grata for a decade .
to hell with that 
 besides -you would do alot for your cause if you did n't have alleged terrorists running your women 's marches .
you have gained your equality , now deal with the terror in your midst .
then you say nothing when muslim women are slaughtered yet you demand that their killers be allowed into our country to spread their hate of women and christians here ..... ? ? ?
you are very screwed up in your thinking .
you have lost all cred
she has come to her senses and realizes niggers are incapable of living in a civilized manner and she knows precisely what she is doing you are the only one without sense and without a good plan
rat out your trash ass scum of friends and get them put in jail .
you came from a woman , you grew from women , so protect all women !
url
@l1ltr4p fucking losers wetbacks # sorrynotsorry
you really do need to do some research .
the happiest people in order :   married men , single women , married women , single men .
yes , it 's true - you can do the research yourself but this is what was found when searching for the happiness factor .
some research places single women at the top of the happiness scale but all agree that single men are at the bottom and married women near the bottom .
you 're not asking serious questions .
white supremacy , misogyny , patriarchy , homophobia , classism , xenophobia exist in the world and have shaped history for , in some cases , thousands of years .
there 's no denying it .
and you want me to comment on the proposition that women actually run things by sexually blackmailing men ?
or that black folks are really in the driver 's seat because white men do n't feel safe in south central la after dark ?
get a grip . . .
you really seem too intelligent to believe things like that .
who are you really ?
are you impersonating a conservative white male stereotype on a bet or something ?
why do they keep talking about katrina ?
it was five years ago !
you are a disgusting racist and sexist man .
the taliban would love to take you in lance .
what 's laughable is reading posts from peeps who do n't know what they 're talking about but do n't let a boatload of ignorance slow them down .
i recommend y' all consult some constitutional and/or ethics lawyers , such as richard painter , who was the ethics watchdog for the bush43 white house .
he 's currently teaching law and from all i 've observed , knows a helluva lot more about this legal question than any of you do .
you might pay particular attention to his description of exactly how this latest revelation can send members of the trump family and campaign to prison .
it has happened before under a number of criminal statutes that add up to treason in the sense that the dictionary definition of the term describes .
so enjoy your mirth while you can . . .
it may not last very long .
ciao !
@kevin_shipp sodom and gomorrah outcome ungodly people will reap the whirlwind of their sins which is everlasting death
that fat heifer in red has such a punchable face .
fucking bitch .
the men with her are a bunch of losers as well .
here 's what the law says :   " . . .
the governing body or the electors of a county may by ordinance exercise authority within the county over matters of county concern , to the fullest extent allowed by constitutions and laws of the united states and of this state . . . "
ors 203.035(1 ) 

 and here 's what paragraph 4 of this same law says : " nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the rights of the electors of a county to propose county ordinances through exercise of the initiative power . "
seems open - and - shut to me .
county commissioners can not block the people from their ballot box .
easy to make generalized statements a stopped watch is right twice per day drug addicts can make intelligent statements from time to time even a mentally retarded person knows when to go to the bathroom
why did hitler kill himself ?
because he got the gas bill
where is the hawaii republican party candidate(s ) for the 1st congressional ?
auwe .
truly a sign of a defunct political party .
ambulance / firetruck outside my building .
it is weird how i have to wonder if someone called in a false report on me .
waiting it out to see .
there is nowhere in the new testament aka christianity that advocates violence of any kind islam is not an abrahamic religion it is a mockery of it
< user > i have worshipped her since i have memory bc it is my job as a queer
penultimate 

 a breath before surfacing 
 clinch , stiffen , pray 
 melting deep blue 
 stunning relaxation 
 quietly rejoining the sea
as the catholic church today meddles in usa politics by trying to bring in mexican immigrants and shielding illegal alien mexicans the same catholic church worked hard to flood the usa with immigrants < number > years ago catholics were the first great destroyers of the usa
when the status quo politicians are funding their campaigns with tax payers money you know democracy is in decline .
there job as politicians is to raise their own money from their own constituents , not from taxation .
this is shameful behavior by weaver and horgan .
that 's another $ 16,000,000 bill for tax payers .
surely this self serving behavior is covered in our charter of rights and freedoms ?
this is what we would expect putin to do .
shame on them .
my father taught me to shoot when i was 12 years old .
@actforamerica he need to leave america and take her allah pos with her
shane watson has been named captain of an injury - hit rcb ahead of their # ipl opener against the sunrisers hyderabad .
you moron ugly pig .
you can wear that burqa all day long nd you talk about our sarees .
who says women ca n't walk in sarees .
you are so barbaric people that you follow sharia and the girl is buried with her chest high and then you hit her with stones .
you deserve the worst of hell url
nasty women who hate to see a pretty lady on the tv or in the papers this does not offend me one bit very insecure people in this world sadly
< user > text me faggot
@iromg @mikeparry8 give him a chance mg ffs .. do a quiz on slippers .. ps please do a show with hooked up to a polygraph .. would be gold
that 's decently obsolete at this point unfortunately .
all the feminazi scientists making babies without us .
trump supporters in the house .
on a hot mic , senator collins addresses blake farenthold .
“ did you see the one who challenged me to a duel ? ”
collins asks .
“ did you see the picture of him in his pajamas next to this playboy bunny ? ”
farenthold is a married republican who settled a sexual harassment charge .
https://mobile.twitter.com/amy_siskind/status/889623874077437954/photo/1 

 republican values , the actions of a party the evangelicals endorse .
koncerned the amount was already included in the budget when the layoff were announced .
it is not a new expense it is a change on how the services will be provided .
show us where this is was not included .
you have your opinion and i have mine .
after ready years of comments on schools , teachers and the rest of the asd budget i observed numerous comments that clearly state objections to anything to do with the school employees .
they are always overpaid , receive too many benefits ,   or only government employees get fee hc why i pay for mine .
followed closely by the private teacher do n't get all these things , why is most of the budget salaries and benefits , and why do i have to pay for schools .
there was a dog that had brain damage .
all he could do was type " no swearsies the puppers do nt like . "
beauty and the beast was so true to the original that i cried 200 % of the time because childhood & # 128557; ❤ ️ so good ! ! !
so damn true .
i shared a post on facebook recently about pride events that boiled down to " do n't get made if you see someone in an apparently heterosexual couple at pride , you do n't know if they might be bi , trans , ace / aro , questioning , or what " and some cis - het white guy that i barely know made a comment of " since when is it okay to discriminate against straight people . "
i about lost .
my .
shit .
at him .
i also happened to be at a family gathering with my brother who is gay and also knows this guy .
oh boy , did we light him up .
go shit in your own mouth incel
the comments and like / dislike were disabled for ( ( ( sarah silverman 's ) ) ) " i love you america " music video , because she 's just that awful .
just because one side is more civil and does n't pitch a fit when the other guy wins , does n't mean their guy is more " divisive ; " it means the other side less civil .
this is a terrible article .
who exactly is " praising men " ?
i 'm   a dad and i do n't know that i 've ever been " praised " like a dog that need positive reinforcement .
i do the job of father / husband .
that 's it .
and that ny times article was just stupid .
there is a total onslaught against white nations worldwide and israel is a old age retirement village for barbaric khazar kikes it has become a refugees state for pedophiles do not believe me truth fears no investigation
i am not sorry to say , that those two so called women , do not even look like women at all .
they have way too many male traits and are most likely a couple of male trannies .
this is a bogus bs story designed to bring down the united states government and weaken this nation .
epstein is also a jewish name .
they have been working real hard for quit some time now ; to weaken and destroy this nation !
the devil comes to steal , kill , and destroy ; and they are of their father the devil .
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
b a dawg ass bitch to these dawg ass niggas !
i m done showin love omm
suck your dick .
this is actually kind of bad news for the trump critics ( of which i am one ) .
because , if anything , the fact that the russians were interested in playing his advisors for influence suggests they do n't actually have as much of a string on the donald himself as we thought they might .
and " people of colour " have their own racisms - often against   themselves .
it is well known that in many black societies people spend small fortunes on creams that will lighten their skins .
what else is this if not internalized racism against their own blackness ?
in africa there are plenty of people whose attitudes towards whites is racist too .
and everyone knows that teh chinese consider themselves superior to the other races .
just because one is on the receiving end in n america does n't mean that one is not guilty of the same prejudices - against oneself and in reverse .
why should blacks be immune to racist attitudes themselves ?
are they not human ?
if you prick them , do they not bleed ?
just castrate yourself easy solution
< user > lol keyboard warrior what happened you actually decided to read the kirk propaganda and felt armed throwing a homophobic slur at me is no insult only insecure closet gays like you think queer an insult 🤡 🤡 🤡
no .
hillarity merely fascilitated the sale ( to russian interests ) as u.s. secretary of state , for which the clinton foundations et al received huge contributions .
typical of much of her u.s. state department " dealings " .
yikes !
< user > “ bitches doing blackface ”
they are closeted from themselves .
they do not accept the fact that they have a different sexuality .
they think they have a higher one , but are acting based on their own urge toward apartness .
plato , st. paul , marcus aurelius , st. augustine and aquinas were all aces that thought they were the rule , not the exception .
i would disagree .
i 'm female ,   and find modern day " feminism " little more then advanced identity politics .
demanding equal treatment is fine , demanding more then equal treatment is orwellian .
i know very few self - pitying and insecure males .
i know many , many , bitter angry women who think they 've been passed over in their careers because they are of the wrong gender .
i worked in the male dominated construction industry for 20 years , and never felt oppressed or the recipient of so called macro - aggressions .
if you conduct yourself in a professional manner , are good at what you do , and work hard you will garner respect .
if not , i would look towards yourself and ask why .
same holds true for all ethnic groups .
in our search for equality for all , it must mean equality for all .
there is no room for black , white , male , female .
those who point out those differences simply have something to gain by doing so .
drunk driving could have easily killed me in the past couple years luckily enough people on mpc called me a nigger so i have stopped doing that mpc status updates
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
niantic mobile game with my computer making an adderall instead of little cousin made me this thing specific and spite me :
i'm not one to abuse women but this guy should have punched that fat ugly bitch with the blond bob haircut right in the face url
a wild misdreavus has appeared !
it 's iv is 75.56 .
despawns at 23:12:17 ( 27 m 7s ) .
https://t.co/bg0j72l71v
you deserve to have your asshole fucked and then cum in your face .
if you need some help and i could provide it , send me a pm .
" @xd3vx devin the truth is .... he realized when he said " " your sister is one " " he said to himself , why am i talking about mine ? "
this coming from cowards who have allowed their country to become overrun with muslims ?
does n't really hold any weight
when you are school administrators in positions of power in attendance at a school function and are engaging in behavior that is demeaning to children and when you 're doing it in a space that 's public enough for someone to take a picture of what you 're saying , you should not have an expectation of " privacy " or to be protected if you get caught .
stop defending these men , it 's weird and ignorant .
apparently today that ghetto culture i for one am utterly sanguine at our dysgenic future
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
< user > button it then 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 your boy is a fucking retard jose there a name for you lad
we need concentration camps for these s freaks
" rt @busybeingpetty : there 's always fucking " " train traffic " " ahead of us .
there 's always somebody feeling suicidal and wanna jump on the damn … "
/r / okcupid " men , let 's talk about how much easier we have it than women when it comes to everything else "
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > if your interpretation of a strong black man means you who follows white supremacy never read the malcolm x book thinking he about that life i think rosa would probably turn lesbian than to have a failing man
well good .
that means they will have to repeal the indoor smoking ban or allow other private businesses , like bars , build an indoor ventilated smoking room !
now i can go have a after work drink and enjoy a cigar while doing it .
" it prevented a very populous state with an eccentric take on the issues facing the country from leading the rest of the states by the nose into lala land . "
really , marty , e ?
earlier you called that state , " the people 's republic of california . "
if anyone to the left of you , either politically or ecclesiastically , is a red , then you must be mighty happy herr trump won .
also , the electoral college was designed to preserve the power of the slave states , where slaves were counted as three - fifths of a human being but could n't vote .
since white males were fewer in the slave states , the e.c. served their interests .
how appropriate that it brought another white racist to power .
comic book readers prove no fan of progressives dismal sales marvel cancels all lgbtq queer culture feminist illegal immigrant black lives matter social justice themed comics gab gabfam speakfreely chat americans
i 'll pound all your fuck holes till my cum drips out of you
hey ppl who at one point watched and enjoyed yog content how long has it been since uve fully watched a vid of theirs
< user > yeh tell that to children in cages raped women unarmed people shot by police those in uniform not you those dying bc no ins victims of crime victims of war
.@knux1995 no , no ... this is my view on how to move equality forward .
must root out those who claim equality while working against it .
so for the # trumptreason watch party they should install massive tvs on the dc mall .
bet it 'll be bigger than his inauguration ! #
trumprussia
i feel like dealing with us dykes or studs is difficult 😭
" we ca n't ignore that x was a misogynist " honestly guys if the person in question would run screaming down the street at the sight of an iphone because he thought it was witchcraft i think we could , in fact , ignore it
exactly .
stacy 's worst day alive is equivalent to an incels best day alive .
you 're the one claiming it has to do with dna ... your words , not mine .
that 's super racist .
it has nothing to do with dna you fucking moron .
japan is safe cause there are very few crimes committed in the country , while if you look at colombia , brazil , and south africa , they have murders on par with chicago .
it 's dangerous there because there are frequent murders , and a higher percentage of the people there commit violent crimes .
you ca n't possible be this stupid .
it okay to be white it okay to be black it okay to be asian it okay to be a woman it okay to be a man it okay to be gay it okay to be straight it okay to be you but its never okay to hate blur
this is what i read , " not for safety reasons , but because it has become the most expensive nuclear plant of its kind in the united states to run , and is a waste of money that costs ratepayers as much as an extra $ 50 per year . "
50 dollars a year ?
he wants to shut the plant down because clean , emission free , non ocean acidifying large baseloads of reliable power may cost as much as 50 additional dollars a year ?
i will glady pay an extra 50 a year to have the small footprint and large decarbonizing nuclear plant providing power .
good lord -- what stupidity !
know what its going to cost taxpayers to shut it down and not produce electricity ?
talk shit and then when someone actually does something be like " i ca n't with you " fucking coward , go and hit women , it 's all your " masculinity " is ever going to do for you .
you know , if my daughter is transgender , she can use any bathroom she wants to , in the adoption center .
i hope next time a nigger actually kills tommy gay boy robinson
antimony is the element of sloth .
the people of the antimony nation are capable of adapting to many things .
they are peaceful and rich .
good post and i just want to say , me too !
and as you have seen , i do agree with you sometimes .
doubtful there will ever be the day all of us will all 100 % agree but that is okay .
it is how positive changes occur .
going to school is far preferable to sitting in my room and rotting 
 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫 😂 🔫
the weaker sex -- boys are being outclassed by girls at both school and university , and the gap is widening
why did nt u get these pants out the way my neighbor to the south ur anis wanted to shit down that roid raging punk axes throat !
and nick is a puzzy for spirting off at the mouth and not following that roid raging fucktard to keep him from showing his ignorance
amazing trickshot !
breaking news : a woman standing on a basketball rink after getting v.i.p tickets from an overly - calculating player has had an instant miscarriage moments after hearing them say , " and finally , off that fat woman ! "
and the quran does not include female genital mutilation .
are you also opposed to male genital mutilation ?
jesus underwent it .
it was ordered by god .
it 's in the bible .
so , all muslims have the same culture , because they are muslims .
therefore , all christians engage in genocidal war and militarized rape ( as was done by christian croats and serbs in the 1990s ) .
all christians have a culture of protesting at military funerals ( a practice one group of christians engages in ) .
after all , they all agree on the bible , so what one group does somewhere on the planet , all christian cultures endorse .
surely you are aware " culture " and religion are n't the same thing .
or do you actually believe all muslims engage in female genital mutilation ?
you all i lost one of those little white bitches i ca nt find my left airpod it over
what a moron , pray he does n't breed .
ms pearson , i see a lot of ads where males are pictured as stupid idiot human beings and women as superior supreme entities .
i would say it 's 50/50 .
so why just talking of how sexist the objectification of women is and not the sexist ads against males ?
> among the positive outcomes of gender transition and related medical treatments for transgender individuals are improved quality of life , greater relationship satisfaction , higher self - esteem and confidence , and reductions in anxiety , depression , suicidality , and substance use .
url - equality / what - does - the - scholarly - research - say - about - the - well - being - of - transgender - people/
back in the day , i obtained some .38 caliber supervel hollowpoints .
a friend and i were target practicing out in the country and i slipped a couple of those into my .357 .
even though i had been firing regular .357 ammunition , my friend 's head snapped around like i had touched off a hand grenade when the first one of those went downrange !
no he was bright enough to pander to the uneducated white males which are numerous in the states , hence the ku klux klan support , and then he was betting on the stupidity of the republicans who would rather vote for someone they despise rather than for a democrat .
4 - 1 is not an ' edge ' that is an out right win .
an edge is by one goal .
btw , i am not a pens or jackets fan .....
+ monkeyman hamilton nigga u sound like a * troll . *
u the pussy since u ai nt bout to come .
did i ask for your shit ? ? (
which is probably fake anyway ) nope .
did u ask for my shit ? ?
yes u did .
n is u coming ? ? ?
obviously not .
so , who da pussy ? ?
exactly .
common sense , dumb ass .
i was able to sight it in before the rain started .
lil bitch got that dick rearranging her guts url
how to know if you are certified subhuman 
 when you pose with a bunch of stacies and chad friends for a photo and the picture comes up with them with their one neanderthal pet , you know it 's over .
first day off in weeks .. gon na sit and play rs all day / night but i 'm gon na workout and get a haircut first !
what an idiot you are .
you are n't man enough to serve our country .
in ontario prices are up noticeably on more than just gas .
biggest increase seems to be hydro and government services as well as groceries .
sadly - coffee at tim 's is also more expensive .
🍍 young & pretty shemale tastes her own cum url
nobody forgets the spanish   inquisition !
or do they ?
" 216 normies and chads online " 
 there are n't any chads in incelqueers , they are too busy cucking normies .
i 've been to a fourth of july parade in a super small town in western new york and that 's already basically a straight pride parade
yeah if you do not support my corrupt multiculti globo homo military run by a corrupt government controlled by jews then you have no balls brilliant
how many levels of boomer retard is this
you 're a boy !
boys do n't cry !
do you want people to think you 're a girl .
what is john wayne 's favourite movie ?
minority report
i agree with the sentiment , and dislike the kneeling .
but this bs about " fighting for our freedoms " has n't been true in decades ; please tell me how sending our children to die in some god - forsaken , third world shithole is protecting our freedoms ?
the truth is , they more we become the world 's policeman , the less freedom we have at home .
these are n't the boys who stormed normandy to stop the spread of fascism ; our military has become a mercenary army in the hire of the globalists .
fuckmanchester british men are too scared to even talk about it let alone do anything about it they let their daughters be raped and killed and do not make a peep like scared little mice they are not men they are cowards shameful lowly cowards
south africa : zuma rapes kwezi ... anc -   response ?
usa : trumps grabbing of the p****y .... republican - response ?
uk : fallon touches journalists knee .... tory response ?
truth is , females do make things ambiguous , it is part of the mystery and males do misinterpret messages with testosterone in full swing and emancipated females are going full kink in the grey areas of weak society .
the weaving blurred lines ( intended ) of acceptability are going to get more confusing for both males and females , set by " leaders " of society , pornography and the church leaders , not only catholics where parental leadership is being stripped by political correctness .
feminism   is good , but when .
" //region " " region name " " code //endregion to organize # android # code in # androidstudio , make # androiddeveloper life easy.&#128640;&#128293 ; "
rational ideas - a 17th century law against military order ?
please .
sajjan up scaled his role in a successful military operation .
he did n't hinder or deny or reject orders .
stick to moral outrage .
there 's no law against bragging and if there were , half the military , all of harper 's cabinet ministers & many others would be jailed .
i still do n't see how the woman was insulted , unless she was intending to be insulted .
there is no draft .
theoretically , we all volunteer for the military knowing we can be killed .
in some jobs it 's more likely than others .
if anything bad happened on my ship , as a snipe i was probably going down with it .
that 's reality .
if you'r a specops type , there 's a good chance you 'll die like this soldier .
there are some people who will be insulted regardless of what is said to them .
if the family really was sitting in a limo with congresswoman wilson , they probably were n't trump fans to begin with .
there 's a really good chance there is literally nothing that he could have said that would not have offended them .
< user > democrats inciting violence against fellow americans democrats wanting open borders democrats supporting infantcide
it is not in any way an explanation of how it occurs .
it is a simple statement that it does occur .
there is no tie whatsoever to “ aristotle ’s physics ” .
looking in the lewis and short “ latin dictionary ” we see “ substantialis ” means “ of or belonging to the essence or substance , essential , substantial ” . “
trans ” means “ to put across ” .
the church believes , and teaches , that during the consecration the essence of the bread and wine become the body and blood of our lord .
the only “ how ” the church discusses is the command and power of god .
the church treats other terminology - e.g. , metousiosis , the change of inner reality - used by other communions as completely equivalent .
and the worst thing is if i play dps in competitive , i 'll get blamed for losing .
i 'm not that shit but the pressure is always on you
currently trying to marry a pakistani .
i 'm indian ( east african ) .
it 's wicked difficult .
so much emotional challenges and self - doubt .
i ca n't even face my parents but they accepted the proposal and the difficulty still has n't stopped
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
there will be a big change in names only ! .
obamacare will now be trumpcare and life goes on as there 's little to change other than fees .
< user > fuck em poor white trailer trash are not in charge of this country
japan begins experiment of opening to immigration url
i 'm going to take a guess that you did n't major in economics .
am i right ?
stop casting women who look like men just stop it
this faggot is just cumming because of a huge amphora up his ass ..
wo n't you just admit that you 're a racist .
wo n't you just admit that you hate mexicans and you dislike blacks .
if you 're going to act like hitler to act like hitler .
also you should ask @kylerichards and @andy to be your friend . #
rhobhmeangirls # rhobh all 3 are assholes .
i think it was fair considering all the details .
i do n't believe he should have to suffer more imprisonment now that he 's home .
i also believe he should receive some measure of punishment because of his personal decision to leave his post .
this outcome seems appropriate and just .
no military pay / benefits but at least he 's a free man .
they just wanna shake him down anytime new military units get involved in the drug war in mehico they learn the ropes lightning fast and go for the $ $ $ $ $ $ .
law of computability applied to social sciences : if at first you do n't succeed , transform your data set .
from the keyboard representing the fascist control of all citizens other than white .
the cowboy mentality of rugged individualism unless you are other than white .
big hats sitting on peabrain heads ruling over too much of rural amerika since cattle drive , homestead days .
all raging against any dissent from the monarchical rule by the big hats .
did n't utter the same about the bundy terrorists allowed to escape justice because of the corrupt judicial system and brainwashed jurors composed of a female majority .
a fully armed , armored force gathered from multiple states in full riot gear against unarmed , praying , old men , women , and children just the wrong ethnic group .
shotguns , pepper spray , concussion grenades , armored personnel carriers , helicopters , fixed wing aircraft , assault rifles , batons , face shields , armored vests et .
all .
all against non - white unarmed peaceful protestors .
weeks of false rumors spread by fascist white , racist sheriffs for maximum fear .
http://www.torontosun.com/2013/11/09/target-in-2005-mcgill-hazing-horror-speaks-out
he was a faggot just like you
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
< user > < user > i hate you 😂
this girl is more toxic than mah dick
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
< user > and putin and the dalai lama are < number > correct all muslims must stay in muslim lands zero exceptions
are there any slavs that have black or darker hair color ? ? ?
this wiccan who is married to a ftm trans man says thank you .
you may not support us but you agree that those people are lunatics .
it 's just my personal " take " but i thought at the root of it al spoke to the development of personal conscience .... a severe nono for rigid institutionalists .
a normal development for " normal " folks ...
you know , if my daughter is transgender , she can use any bathroom she wants to , in the adoption center .
what is worse than hitler , stalin , mao nd polpot put together that stupid chadbot
i guess i could pretend this was a mystical event , if they had not seen any sign of it in the water .
or if they had still been in their shelter , and the great spirit told them , or something .
this commenting service does not allow the posting of photos ( screenshots ) , but i can email it to you , if you like , and you can retype and repost it ( just send me your email ) . ...
that link was provided to show your posting style history , and it did that , just to make your persona as a commenter more transparent to the rest of the readers . ...
the makato lane issue was addressed by civil beat 's editor patti epler in a comment in this thread . ...
i 'm asking you to stick to the topic of the column , treat people respectfully and to be transparent about your relevant conflicts of interest .
if you choose not to do that , i 'm wondering why you would bother to be in this discourse space ?
wow notice no fuck isis or fuck sand niggers i m just glad i found out you were a terrorist before shit got too deep it better in the long run i guess no harm no foul at the end of the day it is what it is
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
and the trump train wreck continues .
another day , another broken promise .
ca n't wait to hear how the usual suspects rationalize this one .
as i said before , this will unravel a la rob ford - lots of bluster and throwing of his weight around at the beginning and then all the character flaws , lies and sheer bs will reach critical mass to create the biggest flame out in american history .
rt @lahflexico : i know you probally use to nothing niggas fucking with ya
is ignorance catching or is it just a democrat thing ?
unbelievable ...
like cornfields that much ?
guys listen up the toenail moon has made an appearance tonight make sure you cut ur toenails so u do n't have 300 years of bad luck god bless
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
fucking white bread with the crust taken off smushed into a little ball that hogdiggedyddmon keanu reeves pig
being in the country illegally is not a crime ? ? ?
so , what are they , ' good pastors who will guard and guide our human fold ' waiting for ?
clergy sex abuses of children have been going on for centuries !
i read australian bishops waiting 50 years or so to let outraged catholics to die and they must be willing to start clergy sex abuses of children all over again , since they never mentioned they will stop or correct the culture of clergy sex crimes ! ! !
it is truly amazing pope f. and the rest of clergies do not know they are raping christ immanent in children and reluctant to give up sex abuses ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tell me please how could that be possible and call themselves men of god ?
thank goodness and god and allah and vishnu , climate change is finally and completely debunked .
can we get on with drilling everywhere now ?
i might stream we know the devil
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
lol go back to sucking muslim refugee cock retarded whore
even more things nobody told me how free were blacks in the northern us in colonial times northern freemen like slaves were required to carry passes when traveling in some places and they were forbidden to own property in others
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
which magic wand can only make men disappear ?
pregnancy test sticks
i can already picture little zuma in his orange pajamas with his shower head cap in hand ! !
yeah but it not stopping the chinese women it better if the chinese women get there before the black women for sure
so your idea is that the taliban are " civilians " because they are not wearing uniforms ? ? ?
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
we have till 2023 to come up with a viable solution to the problem .
the problem being too many people on welfare .
yes medicaid is welfare .
so what is the solution to get these people off welfare ?
as colorado is witnessing unemployment rates under 3 % the current number of people in welfare is inexcusable .
we need to demand more of employers and citizens .
.
@nicemangos is a voice of reason and @rubinreport is a conspiracy theorists , far right lunatics enabler .
it 's not even a hard choice
even if the scans are dirty from the lab would it be so hard for you to bring it into photoshop and clone out the dirty spots ?
this teaching was imposed by christ himself , not some " unmarried men " ( well , of course he was unmarried ) .
no idea what in the hell this one is for or about but said ad is dysfunctional on top of miscegenational epsilon level < number > eyed pansy male white woman mystery meat urkel kid perhaps a sambo girl adopted why would anyone but a racially sick person adopt black africa finest pathetic wn
the visceral hate that men have 4 women is why male feminists / allies need 2 tread carefully .
we put ourselves in physical danger doing this .
trump is the man !
he should throw that lady in jail who came up with that lie , or at least tell her to get a real hat 😁
he do nt need no fuckin food he eats a sandnigger steak every night son
< user > the most high elohim is my strength and not the white women who love so called negroes i am not brainwashed as the majority of my hebrew brethren
bought these bitches breakfast and now getting kissed on my cheeks non stop ... lol .
check out is literally in 5 mins tho
being in a relationship with the mentally unstable serial cheater = playing stupid games .
getting gonorrhea and being molested by the doc = win stupid prizes .
it 's not rocket science .
legislators ca n't defend their bloat .
critics like to bash state union employees , but say very little about the legislature 's budget .
the state employees have to meet at collective bargaining table for the scraps they get in their contract while the legislators and their staffers receive an automatic pay increase without so much as a fight from anyone .
where 's the fairness in that ?
a friend brought a small little finger nail cleaning knife to school , a teacher found out , and he got expelled ...
it is not coincidence that the best candidates are white males 
 it is fact and history proves it .
there is a reason white males win more wars , more business , more awards .
it is racism .
white people are simply better .
funny how it really works 
 triggered yet 
 booya
off topic sjw 's try to convice a man that he should accept being lied to by a transgender " women " who still has a penis " because " you liked " her " before , but now she has a penis , so you should try " i disagreed .
i understand it took hussein a long time to die a fitting ending for a sand nigger
reagan and bush never voted against israel at the un .
their disagreements with israel were dealt with between the parties and not by way of a vote in a un resolution admonishing israel 's conduct .
< user > sit tight and stfu degenerate uneducated faggots
say what you will about sand niggers but at least they know how to treat their women
no thank you ? ?
are you fucking gay ?
get the fuck out of here you stupid fuck .
" trump 's conservatism ? "
the man has no ideological or moral core .
how do these idiots not stop and realize how profoundly anti women this is .
to think you can just buy womanhood off a shelf and proclaim yourself one .
to ignore how much time and work these women put in to look the way they do only to have some dude with a dick come in and say he 's one of them .
bill clinton is worse than harvey weinstein ... and hillary knew about both .
just seen the tweets .
fuck this miserable , nasty country and , particularly , fuck these dickless , lowlife , thick - as - horseshit , waste - of - skin excuses for men .
i hope they die in screaming agony of testicular leprosy .
url
you gave yourself a star ?
hahahahaha
beauty and the beast was so true to the original that i cried 200 % of the time because childhood & # 128557; ❤ ️ so good ! ! !
bernie sanders writes in opinions : the straightest path to racial equality is through the one percent url
trump has yet to fulfill a single promise he said he would instead he has resorted to cucky republicrat shit like tax cuts and super awesome trade deals with arabs and asians i am not a cheer leader this guy has done jack shit for me
< user > gay as in not replicating heteronormativity but queer as in not getting fixated or worrying abt stuff that still retains elements of that which we attempt to eschew
< user > normani and bts they hate you
http://www.dailywire.com/news/19054/combat-vet-gives-powerful-testimony-against-trans-amanda-prestigiacomo 

 --transgender veterans are found to be particularly plagued by mental health issues , with the " highest rates of mental health problems in the u.s. ... a 2016 study found 90 % of military members who identify as transgender were diagnosed with at least one mental health disorder , and almost 50 % were hospitalized after attempting or considering suicide . "
" war is no place for people who are mentally , emotionally , or physically confused or in turmoil .
you have your s * * * together , or you do n't , " he stated . "
and if you do n't , you 'll just get people needlessly killed .
political correctness has absolutely no place in the military . "
bucks fizz remind me of one of my dads ' sweedish ' films i once found on top of his wardrobe in a secret shoe box # totp
let 's compensate for your dwindling masculinity by going and committing some war crimes !
nothing like deep throating a boot to prove you are n't gay .
they need to send them all back and get back to justice for the black natives of american and descendants of slaves who still have no received any justice
still have satanic netflix saw that chris rock special hoping white kids get shot here the customer service number to cancel your subscription < number > < number > < number > < number >
yeah that 's not surprising .
thanks obama .
minneapolis st paul is little mogadishu !
somalian gangs have caused a lot of trouble in that amazing city .
now it 's one of the most liberal cities in the usa .
fraud is evrywhere , and minnesotans have to pay all of the bill .
👇 🏻 rt url
some men just need a good stabbing .
that will show them .
i do n't know if those kind of people can change .
having an open dialogue about it as a nation is a good start but for a more effective solution see above .
turn the tables around .
have the men fear the women for a change .
there is a differance between waiting for you love and ignore the rest and waiting while you have fun with others .
white men must change back to pre 1 9 6 0 when men married and raised their kids men worked at whatever job it took to make sure their family had a good life white men must reject ghetto morals and live for god family and america
hail!im just looking for like minded white brothers and sisters from arond my area to meet or anyone else for that matter .
hope to hear from you .
jobs created december 2015 was 156,000 ........................................... jobs created january 2017 , wait for it ........ 227,000
home — stop antisemitism url
ad a real one but he look like a cambodian prostitute
so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
men commenting unhelpfully , rather than being inspired to search our hearts at what we can do differently .
we as men need to question why we are so comfortable implicitly supporting patriarchy .
time to take another lesson from a ( male ) leader : 
 megatron : " a truce is called .
all i ever wanted was to be in charge again ... besides , who would you be without me , prime ? "
optimus prime [ closes mouthplate ] : " time to find out ! "
and proceeds to rip his head and spine out ... 

 when will we men rip the head and spine of patriarchy out , when we are the only ones who can kill the beast we created and sustain ?
if you need some help and i could provide it , send me a pm .
hi , i need straight girl friends bc who else is going to tell me i have a fiancee ?
the more masculine men are the more feminine women become so women actually ca nt be feminine when they are surrounded by what can be colloquially called beta males as in feminine tara mccarthy
“ too much capitalism does not mean too many capitalists , but too few capitalists . ” - #
chesterton 

 we are passively witnessing an ever accelerating concentration of wealth and power that is going to do us in .
fuck you too soundwave
< user > yes chuckster legal immigrants made america not the gimmes of today
bishops have so little control ( and even where they do it 's 4 order indrect ) over university quality / operations .
i know the dean of engineering at a very large catholic university .
most bishops have to call before they come on to campus .
well they were big on suppporting minorities in general , but anything explicitly divided on racial lines would have caused a lot of upset i think .
there was a lot of concern about that kind of thing .
but maybe i 'm wrong .
now an award specifically for an esl student or a first - generation immigrant or something , that i could definitely see being celebrated there .
sorry , therealistlon , you have to think on this one .
parliament has committees that oversee the work of government , and keep an eye on government spending .
no party seems to have been much interested in doing that with respect to the sponsorship program .
in the del maestro situation , no other party had the right to oversee his election spending - as you say yourself .
stephen harper 's responsibility comes in his lack of character judgment in selecting del maestro as his parliamentary secretary .
similarly , no other party had any say whatsoever in the selection of mike duffy as senator for pei .
s. harper and s. harper alone .
< user > i am dead i fucking hate you 😂 😂 😂
holy shit dude everything this kike posts is flat out gay < user > these kikes just can not resist their perversions can they
cantwell , like all the other clowns with his beliefs ,   share the same characteristics : uneducated , insecure white males that ca n't adapt to the changing world around them .
folks like this used to be able to work in factories and stay in their simple , secluded ( and mostly white ) small towns and believe their " way of life " was the best .
now those small town factories are gone and they 're being forced to compete ( and assimilate ) " with the [ insert race / ethnicity ] " in the city whom are smarter , more employable , and better prepared for this new world filled with technology .
it scares the hell out of them , so they fall back on " it 's the [ insert race / ethnicity ] fault " .
they really do n't hate the way they claim , it 's all rooted in insecurity .
now now peter you know the nu swedes can not read or write so they will be exempted from this signed paper this new consent law is for traditional swedes only which is a shame seeing as the muslim swedes do < number > of the raping
gee cair and all the muslims did n't come forward to decry this man with their vision of peace in islam .
phonies .
url
why arabs lose wars < user >
first day off in weeks .. gon na sit and play rs all day / night but i 'm gon na workout and get a haircut first !
back to where they came from or white europeans need to build their own nation from scratch excluding others the same way the jews did with israel
trying a new concurrency architecture for pewtube , please let me know if you run into any latency !
the word " alleged " is peppered throughout the article .
for an average person it 's no small matter to file a lawsuit .
it costs money .
the lawsuit shows that the plaintiff is serious about the charges .
what 's red , sits in the corner and cries a baby eating razor blades .
what 's blue and sits in the corner ?
same baby < number > weeks later
eric ,    posit ? ?
i 'm amazed you could make an error .
and thanks for agreeing that wages have not " went up " for years that 's what i said , maybe with a new tax plan they will .
and i never said i agree with the removal of the federal deduction of state and local taxes but i 'm sure that will cost me much more than a lot of people , and being in the group of people the estate tax effects , most likely means you are a hard working person , not one of the 45 % of mutts that pay nothing .
that 's why i fucked yo bitch you fat muthafucker
why not ?
who made you the expert in this matter ?
< user > its totly gcc countries muslim leaders fault beacuse of them these mother fukers can do anything with muslims of end ia
< user > i look gay
sand niggers are always inter breeding either with themselves or their cousins the goats
[ message to all the normies and roasties ] stop downvoting our threads , it is useless , we do not care and you can not stop the black pills
went to pay my bill at the hospital   today and the lady who took my cash had a certificate on her wall that said she had achieved her training to be a certified health care counselor to patients and assisting them with applying for the affordable care act .
i asked her how that is going .
the clerk said that before the aca was enacted the hospital was forced to take low payments from a lot of insurance programs and had to " eat " the costs or pass it on to their customer base as a whole .
the patients never knew , they would get a co - pay for 50 bucks never aware of the fact that the should have had a co - pay 10 times more than that .
the clerk said that the money from the aca helped them to collect what the procedures and treatments provided needed to receive in order not to continue to take less all of the time .
many alaskans have gone to get much needed care now instead of waiting long times , sometimes years leading to access to preventative care and early treatment improving their health .
it would be so easy to shut down illegal rentals ...   just get on the computer and start renting places ... once the deal is signed , check to see if they have a license ... if not ... book'm danno ... large fines or forfeitures of the homes would put fear in the illegal rentals .
they would either get legal or get out of the business .
make america peaceful again clean the muzzie filth from our society
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
men , what does being a man mean to you personally ?
sjw 's do n't care about middle - aged white males killing themselves because they are : 
 1 ) white ( e.g. laughing at white male tears ) 
 2 ) male ( e.g. laughing at white male tears ) 
 3 ) middle aged ( most sjw 's are very young and see the old as an impediment at best , e.g. " why do n't you just hurry up and die ? "
so yes being a target of hate and derision might make you more likely to kill yourself .
campbell creek is an anadromous ( salmon ) stream and vehicles are prohibited from being in it without a permit from adf&g , let 's hope the city gets a permit before recovering it to protect the stream from further damage to it 's rearing system .
their only crime was being born in the wrong skin
did anyone see that bus crash in china ?
whatever she said to the driver certainly drove him over the edge
white people like you voted for trump because you refuse to take responsibility for your actions .
you love the white privilege you claim does not exist .
please tell me when white racism stopped effecting public policy in this country ?
it must have been after 1965 .
i missed it .
it is still good to be a white man in america .
you are not racially profiled , even though most cops are killed by white men .
eugene is a wonderful city and this meant to enhance the experience of people living here .
just down the block are some great local foodie stores , and all around are the magnificent hills we can all bike to !
why deny others to move there ?
why deny more than 10 homes on that site - which is the density that the neighborhood has had , untouched , since the 70 's .
many people would love to live there , with young families , people who have slowed down and want to enjoy this fantastic valley ,   eugene should n't be expanding outwards like sprawl , it should be strengthening the living experience in the heart of its center , like here .
i can see this is a careful design not like the cardboard cap stone , which was just conceived for making profit from the student population .
this is for a few hundred new longterm eugene residentsenjoying this wonderful spot .
as an apartment dweller in eugene   i love the communal experience over isolated living .
that seems greedy to deny when it is as of right !
no more chinese immigration into the usa they are just like sand niggers and jews simply here to exploit us
< user > that person i assure you will be in the ranks of the jihadists if he is not government affiliated at any level then he definitely would be jihadi affiliated secretly or not
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
so pretty much exactly in line with racial distribution per demographics ?
was that your point ?
@schuyler22 @helenofafrica @bajanmbaku @mcisero24 you are as disgusting as that host piece of trash who called human beings monkeys @schuyler22 .
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
@alandersh just die already you worthless child molesting pos .
is shorting twitter a better investment than # bitcoin # projectveritas
i ’m too blасk , too strong .
too strong .
< user > i did nt lose my shit over < number > guards being arrested you bum fuck racoon retard you sure showed me
white genocide on google
fucking normie trash
i just goaded you .
i won .
have to agree with most of the comments here , i am a white male and i am primarily attracted to white females .
however , i have been attracted to women of all races at some point .
one of my fond memories of being with a women is with a girl from a different race !
* 10 seconds left on the beat lmao   me : " you niggas just do n't know what i can do wit 10 seconds i 'll fuck the shit outcha ole lady & come back for seconds "
