bloody hell kondor _ rnu , this is excellent mate !
we do n't think that hillary has the regulations all things that we were going to pennsylvania avenue another .
peppered cheeses made my son gay
did you attend graduate school to develop your ability in discerning remarks ?
testing one , two , three .
historical facts usually terrify those stuck in collective type mindsets the bell curve ignores culture which determines the direction of people southern whites up until the first world war acted no different than ghetto blacks until northern blacks fell for the welfare they outscored most southern whites on scholastic testing
i wanna be dramatic on twitter but i know i 'll end up deleting the tweets .005 seconds later so there 's no point
the normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded . #
normalnarwhal # nocturnalnarwhal
the jews and muslims grew up together and the jews gave birth to christianity catholicism and later on mormonism like a big religion family
and i would say to you , donald trump may be the biggest , worst criminal to   occupy the white house .
yet he and you apparently , consider him a great business man .
he has made his money cheating , degrading people and dealing with criminals .
i would submit that donald trump has never been hungry or unemployed , yet would you honestly say he is an ethical businessman ?
what would jesus   say about   donald trump ?
restrictions on basketball hoops in wickliffe , willowick parks curb complaints , but some players are n't happy - cleveland.com city puts out curfew of 5 pm , and puts steering wheel locks on city park basketball hoops to curb tnb .
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
what do you call a white guy and his cousin ?
a nice couple .
.@england another @england youth international @sam_shash is rested on the bench this morning after returning from international duty .
does this sub deal with male issues affecting minorities or concepts such gender roles ?
i fuck white girls all the time , they 're disposable
what ? ?
nowhere in lw2 letter does it state or even imply that the 14 y / o should be caring for the elderly man .
nowhere .
where do you get this ?
the implication is that the sister is off jetsetting with the niece instead of helping take care of old dad . "
niece to step up " means stop being the brat that the aunt thinks she is .
over < number > million immigrants resided in the united states as of < number >
dark jokes are like vaccines children do n’t get them .
the recently elected president is the model par excellence of a bully : he bullies women by forcing himself on them sexually , he bullies people who are n't white with his racist rhetoric , he bullies immigrants when he lies about their contributions to american society , he lies about trade .
trump is a psychopath as his behavior shows , and like his supporters he wants to do as much harm as possible to to the people he stigmatizes .
he behaves like a criminal but has thus far gotten away with it .
it 's going to take more anti - racist white people to call out his filthy minions like sessions and bannon -- these are the architects of his fascist regime .
stupid racist incel frog
white people do n't shoot other people in the streets like black people do .
we shoot them in school , because we have class .
increased frequency and number of flights = increase in probability of a crash .
if there 's a crash , the foam will be used .
the navy does not apparently have any standard protocols for decontamination of crash sites .
so , there is a very clear link here .
this is another environmental impact that needs to be disclosed in the environmental assessment and study process .
when are we going to wise up & stop this nonsense ?
most of the civilized world uses a single payer healthcare system .
it is cheaper & delivers a better product .
all this olson legislation does is take taxpayer money & give it to the predatory , for profit , insurance industry .
eliminate the middleman & use taxpayer money to pay the healthcare provider directly - that is how to dramatically lower costs .
you can cope however you want , women are capable of pure love and will geniunly take care of you but we will never have it
sleeping alone is ghetto 😭
if university was n't free for me i would have never attended 
 going in debt just to hear normies have sex with each other is the worst investment .
retarded honky nigger faggot cunt bitch am i going to be banned for < number > hours oh this is not twitter
true but the most disgusting thing would be a muslim twerking a goat
i see that you are quoting from the book of alternate facts .
i do n't really understand why everybody seems so okay with that .
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
nope .
that * very * flawed reasoning got tossed by the supreme court last summer .
the ruling was very clear :   you can not draw blood from an unconscious person without a warrant . (
excluding for medical necessity , obviously . )
procrastination , such an aggravation .
anything they say is a lie nigger just means black only blax use it becasue whites do not give a fuck about blax they just like controlling whites
mr. zuckerberg accidentally stumbled onto something .
many , many people think nothing is worthwhile unless you can show it to others . (
hence infamous ' christmas letters ' . )
look ..... what a wonderful life i have !
their self worth is built exclusively on what others think .
it 's a dangerous addiction that brings out the worst competitiveness in people .
mr. zuckerberg merely found a way to leverage that into stupendous wealth .
if you 've just discovered that you have n't been paying enough attention .
< user > those people who are simply seeking a better life are responsible for making life of the people of host country hell most muslim illegal immigrants are responsible for law and order situation and terrorism < user > is doing a brilliant job
i like my women like i like my cigars < number > years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack .
that 's great .
lgb(not so much t ) people are fully accepted into the church .
it 's when you start having gay " marriages " and gay " sex " is a problem .
i 'm a bisexual myself .
you just need to not express the gay part .
anyone know where we can buy a squadron of planes and or tanks ?
rpgs ?
firecrackers ?
any military vets out there willing to share their knowledge and expertise of the battlefield ?
is there anyone out there ? ? ? ?
why have we allowed the asylum escapees to rule our world ?
these things running our world ... foreskin eating pedophiles .
psychopaths .
sociopaths .
these things are human .
not demons .
just simply , greedy , lowlife , white , anglo saxon parasites .
throw in a jew , jesuit , catholic or christian here and there ... it 's people doing shit to people .
hey ... that is the republican way .....
" @bgold19 @cmahaffeyvu @braves cobb has its own " " marta , " " & amp ; it interconnects by bus w/ marta .
that intersection no where near as bad as 85/285 "
i lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get .
` ` rasslin animals '' is half the fun
that 's crazy .
cultural appropriation is it culture appropriation for a white man to hang themselves ?
it 's okay to have an unpopular opinion but now you 're trying to pass it off as fact , and factually speaking your statement is incorrect .
i would agree that em is the greatest white rapper of all time , and a top 5 rapper of all time , but to say he 's the only good white rapper shows a complete ignorance to the genre . [ ... ]
and him being " motivational " has nothing to do with his talent , i mean lil yachty is motivational ffs
hit that like button for a real nigga !
why do people keep saying @girlposts steals tweets ? !
even if she does , leave her alone .
no one asked for your opinion . & #
128519;&#128521 ;
death to all white supremacist is the least they deserve .
hahaha i love trash bag nazi americans .
have fun getting shot you inbred piece of shit 🤣
you 're taking time out of a kids learning because of 1/2 a fucking inch i think not .
we have to watch no matter what we are to do in life even if we support all lives matter over all we are all just trying to normalize racism for the white man because the left said so .. 😂 😂 😂
if god gave his beloved jews the land of the arabs why did nt he gave them permission to practice central banking and usury
a nasty little white boy claiming racism like the rest of his white supremacist / trump idolators using the latest revisionist vocabulary to deflect from the basic evil that is all of the trump republican ideology yearning for the days of the nazi empire .
for a little historical fact and law , the native claims settlement act allowing the oil industry to enter alaska and occupy native lands guaranteed healthcare for all of them as part of the ceding of land .
all done legally .
your claim of denial to whites is just another blatant lie in violation of law .
crawl back into your den of iniquity and evil .
time for a revolution .
we nuh fuck white gyal and beg them citizenship
grown men subtweeting like bitches
i just had about five pounds of smoked wings the ghetto is not all bad
she 's trying to summon a mob , making false allegations about oapi , and in general , acting ... worrisome .
pondering if i need to lawyer up .
for < number > years i have been wondering why anyone thought retard and fatso and now ho were qualified to fact check anything when people quote snopes as their proof i laugh
do n't want your kids to get shot in a mass school shooting ?
send them to a non - white school .
canie : good points , the second half battles should be interesting .
however babcock   is not ron wilson or john brophy ; these kids might be raw but they also have plenty of   kick .
let 's hope for some great games and not another meltdown , in the big smoke ?
@noconversion each of these pastor have targets of min.100 souls , which ensures their family / children education in best of school becomes url kerala church asked followers to give 5 coconut to hindu family url one month time that family can be converted
so , as a minority do you blame the white man your not a millionaire by now ?
or as a millionaire in this free world do you believe you 'd be better off in another country ?
let 's see the black fb player play fb in europe and rake in the millions !
c if i care , they can take their wares out of the us for all i care .
college fb , baby !
the usa ai n't the heavenly heaven , we all humans with shortcomings .
deal with it if you got the millions !
run for an elected office and change the laws but i 'll say you 'll never change all the peoples minds .
we 're all humans , racism will always be here as long as humans roam earth .
even if we had aliens from mars attack earth we humans would still have racism on earth and you can take that to the bank !
the biggest thing i notice about these " women " is just the way the talk about sex .
it 's always like the only time they 've heard a woman talk about sex was through their hentai and whatever other degeneracy they consumed .
my bible says what applies to men applies to women so do n't tell me it 's a man 's nature to cheat & amp ; they are weak , don't tell me that rubbish
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
can you all niggers stop asking if i am sick that just how i look wali idurdkdieej
coming out to my parents .
we were a really religious family and i had no clue how they would take it .
let me get this straight ... you commit mass murder , then select your own sentence ?
i do n't think so !
james holmes deserved the death penalty .
it was one juror who kept that from happening .
you kill a dozen people and wound 70 others , you should count on facing the death penalty in colorado .
no one could have predicted how the sentencing phase would have turned out at the beginning of the trial .
george brauchler did the right thing in the aurora theater shooting .
stupid blonde bitch .
too bad kennedy and army failed to recognize the importance of someone articulating thoughts of suicide .
hernandez may have fell deeper into depression when he did not receive any response to his suicide threat .
.
the prison staff who censor all mail and letters in and out of prisoners ' cells may have failed the most in this incident .
they are supposed to be trained in recognizing emotional changes especially suicide tendencies when expressed by inmates .
.
6 months seems fair .
that should be more than enough time for congress to come up with some kind of reasonable accommodation for the dreamers .
daca was never meant to be a permanent measure , and it has always been unconstitutional .
i agree that some accommodation should be made for these people , who were brought here illegally through no fault of their own and are more american than they are of whatever country they originally came from , but it has to be done within the framework of law and order .
otherwise they will always be in a state of political limbo , and they will never be able to fully participate in american society , thus making them more likely to become dependent upon the government for aid .
according to democrats < number > person can ruin the 2 nd amendment but there nothing an illegal immigrant can do to ruin illegal immigration
destroy photoaparat have picture neihhbors in grape < number > < number > is full of garlic and onion like horror films
a privilege not meant for every woman my guy url
@sparky4698 @mxrphedhowell @aj00336034 nonbinary is a gender orientation & general umbrella term for people who do not strictly identify with being a guy or girl .
nonbinary can be a more static of an orientation , while genderfluid fluctuates .
all genderfluid are nonbinary , but not all nonbinary people are genderfluid .
looking for other mras to add on skype 
 my skype : 
 cmbishop1@hotmail.com 

 i might start up an mra skype group .
if you would fuck a white girl you can fuck a dog bye
it 's a great day to be gay here at chick fil a. happy pride month from your fave bi - con 💖 💜 💙
what do you call pissed white people ?
salted crackers
it ain t about black or white cause we are all humans
+ steve n your mother sucks vlad , learn to spell .
dumb fucking hick !
ultimately , i think tv and movies have stifled creativity of thought and healthy progression of philosophy and art .
yes there is a kkk in canada you have to be invited to get in .
out   ! ! !
part 4 : 1 .
cardi 's makeup artist , erika , a trans woman 2 .
cardi 's hairstylist 3 .
cardi 's sister and her girlfriend url
what a < number > year old black man doing with a < number > year old white woman anyway
i feel sorry for people living in texas , i live in australia and i always thought texas was a basically white exclusive place to live .
good to express the frustrations that went with this whole episode and a good article .
i agree , those phone lines should have been kept free for emergency use only .
great that so many responded to help .
why are you to trying to disprove the existence of god though ?
it is making you lose some credibility - in my eyes anyway .
the extremists are the right wing who actively work to remove the rights of women .
those re the people who need their " canadian values " vetted .
time to drop the " muslim extremist " stupidity and realize that the safety of canadians is endangered by white supremacist right wing nut jobs far more than islamists .
do not think for even a moment that the un wasn t involved in making that happen c mon now the same un that is allowing white genocide in south africa and pushing for white replacement or genocide in larger more established countries
smfh i guarantee rasheed 's wo n't be meeting jasmine till the fucking finale # lhhatl
incredibly powerful , latest article by our own dr em 👇 the rainbow reich , part ii : academia , no - platforming , silencing of women .
by dr em url
holy shit the governor of new york is a gay black jewish muslim
" go terrorize foreigners where we do n't have to see it , stop bringing the chaos to america 's borders " url
feminism as a secular religion 
 what are your ideas on feminism being a secular religion ?
oops .
i had alternative information .
i thought that wheat was an annually harvested crop .
i thought that trees , which take several minutes to fell , had been growing for decades .
so i reckoned that 40 years of growing / a few days of unchecked harvesting = unable to meet demand .
this tax policy change has become a circle jerk by people who have no clue how the legislation will ultimately read .
the liberals have never governed foolishly and have always protected their centre and their left flank .
as a liberal who want them re elected i see a lot in this bill that will make their voters happy .
the gnashing of teeth and trudeau diatribes are all the signs of poor losers from the tory tribe
you say devastating .
actually we have a virtual tie .
devastating is when the ndp 
 won 2 seats .
barely .
remember that ?
liberals net loss was 4 seats .
four .
but i 'll agree ndp ending up close to power is devastating .
huge amount did n't vote 
 too .
tolls , fees , costs have gone up .
i actually communicated with cabinet minister 
 stone & mla on stupidity of the high tolls .
lower it to $ 0.75 and add 1 - 2 more sites 
 such as the perimeter highway .
not a $ $ $ $ barrier on hwy 1 artery !
and guess what ?
cost them surrey ! !
oh - and maybe my coquitlam riding on the other side !
so yeah - arrogance & not relating to those peasants earning less that $ 85 g / yr .
this is much more than being about filthy mudsharks this is about the destiny of humanity does it become a dumbed down mulatto race where the west falls apart like africa and asians dominate the future or do we ship the nigs back where they belong
@reydlbarrio @ryanafournier not civilians !
that 's murder , and terrorism ... legal means must be used to secure the border or we invite lawlessness , and terrorism in revenge against americans .
newbie here , saw this on twitter , i am trying as i am so tired of conservatives being blocked and banned .
what does the kkk want for christmas ?
a white christmas
the three pills in politics 
 blue pill = vote for hillary 

 red pill = vote for trump 

 black pill = civilization is going to shit either way , just launch those nuclear missiles already fam
if that memo had been written by a woman , or a black guy ,   it would hailed as great insight to improve working conditions at google .
but a white guy   wrote it .
its seldom about what is actually done , but who may do it .
they can .
he ca n't .
good lord , not this again .
i just ca n't even ... ok , one more time .
white supremacists / neo nazis are evil .
antifa is violent . "
both " sides contributed to atmosphere that caused the death of a young woman .
now get to tax reform !
these are white supremacists carrying nazi and confederate flags chanting " f*ck you faggots " " white power " " do n't have sex with n*ggers , it 's bestialitiy " with rifles in their hands !
for a very long time it was a power differential between the two races that kept blacks out of professional sports .
would you have complained about that ?
what these anthem resisters are doing is trying to remind us that the differential is still around in this world .
@cernovich still not sure .
trump warned russia that he was gon na do it , so it 's most likely calculated .
we 'll just have to wait and see .
@stonethegreat23 niqqa that 's every white person just because some might seem down to earth do n't mean there not gon na use nigger against us
what do you call a white person who likes to eat crackers ?
a cannibal .
to all my fellow gays , love who you want to love without any guilt .
be free .
mind your own business and live happily ever fucking after.&#128129;&#127997; ❤ ️
i hate how news media titles subjects so negatively .
i am with @mariolopezextra kids should just be kids .
i do n't think kids are old enough to know what they really want or know anything about sexuality yet .
if you change something physically that can be dangerous .
not sure what a mehicano is , maybe a mexicano if that s what you meant ?
anyway i d bet you have no brown friends and you live in the boonies fingering your sister .
go back to europe puto !
the only thing worse than a stupid black person is a stupid white person i am neither black nor stupid
dunno not good enough he should offer his wife to the negro as
how is asking someone to use proper pronouns forcing things on you ?
gender dysphoria affects many people , and the only way to treat it is to transition .
you also over exaggerate quite a bit .
there is n't a big chunk .
almost no one is like how you described a " big chunk " of the community to be .
most transgender people only want to be accepted for who they are .
@mikecheck_123 the favorite drink of white trash everywhere ....
what has indian civilisation of the past anything to do with infrastructural and socio - economic backwardness of the present ?
people like you make me feel sick .
i 'd probably punch you if i ever saw you in public .
@amir3851 no !
i bet you my life that if you talk to this british made fool to the end of time , you wo n't change his way of thinking .
otherwise , please explain to me why allah should send ayah 7 in surah al - baqarah ?
it is allah 's will for fools like this one to be present .
" you divide everyone up into little identity groups instead of unifying all of us as americans " .
oh yeah , let 's all unite under the lying   white gop leader trump and his backing of the racist kkk .
we do n't see you denouncing the racism in the gop .
piss off kike
indeed .
we are being invaded at unprecedented levels .
tens of thousands a day .
we need to get the wall and we need to treat this invasion like what it is .
send in the military and force deport them all .
# woke homophobic
hawaii has a weird tradition when two people of the opposite sex share a birthday they are supposed to make love in front of the entire town , this gets kinda awkward when it comes to twins
poor white trash .
@nateocee nigga has tried 😂
mudshark and black diversity
how so ?
are all canadians white ?
are all whites fragile ?
whitefragility = all canadians ?
that said , there 's a lot of white fragility i 'm seeing around these parts .
seriously , why do so many people here care about this so much ?
do you not see that you making her point for her when it comes to white fragility ?
so you shoot some ones dog in their front yard , you a. take responsibilty and say i messed up or b. make up a story about a dog that came at you teeth narling ?
remember this dog has lived in that neighborhood for years if that was the reality i am sure we would have heard it by now .
yes , i know about the ac report but that does mean this guy was telling the truth .
you can cope however you want , women are capable of pure love and will geniunly take care of you but we will never have it
judge sally cahill said it was a worse crime to rape an asian child than to rape a white child and should carry a longer sentence
wtffff bitches got no type of self respect .
< user > get a fucking water proof and come and support ya mates you little fucking lesbian
eid mubarak to everyone celebrating eid tomorrow or on wednesday best wishes 🥳 🎉
from being raped by russians to being raped by mohammedans you have come a long way fräulein
< user > i wonder how the newspapers defined obvious racism as economic anxiety in germany as the nazis rose to power p
i just said it does n't happen and now you are saying that i do it ?
you are a fuckin nazi haha .
what a fuckin idiot , imagine that you have a mother who raised you to be like this ?
to attack americans on an american website .
you must be fuckin retarded if that is your response .
fuck me ! !
start with devouring those gorgeous lips !
peel them apart gently and lick every part of her willing pussy   i 'd then divert my attention to her ass before returning to her pussy to fuck her ling and deep
and still no explanation as to why bruce got the boot ... seriously disappointed in walker for this .
of course , he did basically say he 'd do everything he could to stymie progress on what the people voted for .
and another nail in alaska 's economic coffin is hammered in while faith in our institutions continues to dwindle .
< user > i used to hate you so much for liking hello kitty 😂 ❤ ️ now u my bitch
yeah i guess as a native american - mexican my family is just more in touch with our spiritual side
hawaii has a weird tradition when two people of the opposite sex share a birthday they are supposed to make love in front of the entire town , this gets kinda awkward when it comes to twins
being judged or treated differently based on things as minor as skin color/ sexuality/ religion when at the end of the day it really dosent matter because were all humans .
also , happy cake day !
ugh boy i feel your pain ... it 's so hard .
it 's really hard .
but i am beyond happy the world slowly becomes a more and more better place for lgbtq+ people .
scum should n't be allowed have kids !
f-35 was always a ' turkey ' and canada does n't have the airport / hangar facilities or army of techs , to keep even one of these hangar queens in the sky !
i sure wish i would have saw that i would have gave that hoe a piece of my mind fake ass
jack granatstein ca n't be much of a historian .
i think he is more likely a house painter .
this is just colonial white washing that ignores a whole body of evidence in the public archives .
jack , perhaps you should read glen sean coulthard , james daschuk , the diaries of alexander morris , michael asch , ian mosby , and on and on .
it would also be wise to read the entire trc report .
i 'm just shaking my head at the dogged efforts of the globe and mail to white was history using a bunch of old white men out to preserve the status quo .
just google this guy and you will find out he has not done anything original in his career .
nothing perceptive .
just regurgitations of other white men 's skewed views .
oh my god ! ! ! !
a politician told the truth 
 he should have remembered that it is only permissible to bad mouth or truthfully point out bad things about white people
< user > lmao oh ok i ama talking bout a dyke in the line he need to let you text him your picks and bring the bread
to bad he will never see true justice in a real prison with real inmates .. only then will he reap what he has sown .. one thing i can say is it does n't matter if you hebrew , aryan , hispanic , or other ... that 's the only place where every race agrees ... do n't f%@k with the kids ! ! !
esau 's the damn devil the bible speaks of ... that 's why god rejected esau and all you other nations that had the real jews in captivity ! ! !
but in the new kindom of god we will have our foot on your necks thus saith the lord of the real jews !
revelations 2:9 that 's for you peckerwoods in israel now that are n't the real jews ! ! !
stinking heathens ! !
my german american friend tells me my godfather views matter because he is a significant figure in national politics as the founder of a major political party on the right if he is not as wildly upset about refugees as you are then maybe you are missing the reality of germany today
i am not racist , but they look like animals when they behave like this , it 's a fact not an opinion .
so now the conversation about the knights devolves , as they all seem to , into trump and the russians .
my experience has been the opposite .
with a few notable exceptions , most of the white southerners i encountered when i lived in mississippi , north carolina and missouri and when i visited relatives in aransas were white supremacists , either openly or surreptitiously ( what we used to call " uptown klansmen " ) .
in an arkansas town 15 miles from where my in - laws live cops claim a black kid in their custody shot himself despite being handcuffed , with a gun that was never found , and they 're still on the force .
the two white kids that were smoking dope with him got let off with a warning .
tell me : are your feet wet ?
do you see pyramids in the distance ?
'cause you 're deep in denial .
or are simply lying .
gerardo is sick !
every country has laws that are made to protect us ! --
why here unlawfully ! --
and lying about it ! --
they only stop bringing their flags and spreading it to show off when it back fired ! --
they are all fat and well fed and are not suffering in their countries ! --
they are brought to come and corruptly vote in americas election , when all latino citizens are voting against them and them comming unlawfully !
they come with their lawlessness which is doomed to break down america and it values !
bitches broken hearts
i wish i ca nt get on twitter anymore they banned me for fighting with a muslim who threatened me potus he needs to end twitter
like donald trump these little white boys are nothing but a 
 bunch of babies blaming everyone but themselves for their miserable lives .
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
gaines it supposed to touch a dyke
it does n't surprise me that you 're a expert on toilet stalls cate ...
i really do not get white australians hatred of immigrants you are all literally immigrants wtf is wrong with you all i mean i get you hate poc but come on
if one learns how to use the woods , how to deal with wildlife , how to protect oneself there   is little danger .
running in black bear territory not as safe .
all white people are pedophile enablers becuase white men lead the world in pedophiliia .
from the church to the classroom .
part 3 ... 

 no , intelligent people , would confront the large issue first .
but instead , the global climate change industry , and make no mistake it is and industry , has zeroed in on alberta .
stop oil production expansion in alberta , kill the pipelines , shutdown the oil industry ... in alberta .
and why ?
because it is an easy target .
try that in russia , or saudi , or the us for that matter .
you think the recent protests in north dakota will mothball that pipeline ?
it will move its route a bit and be flowing within a year .
do they scream to kill the internal combustion engine auto branch plants in ontario ?
oh heavens no , those are quality long term jobs , not like the unskilled bitumen monkeys in alberta .
climate change as the most serious issue facing humanity ?
that is the greatest fraud of the past 2 decades .
no .
such as a bunch of dusty old twats getting together and writing a bunch of books about what kind of masculinity is good what kind is n't .
go jump in a wood chipper you white trash hick
yo ho , can you explain to me why white men commit 99 % of child sex crimes , and usually kill their prey ?
police in winnipeg killed an aboriginal man who had a screwdriver and in vancouver police killed a white man with a stapler .
police have a bias against people holding weapons not their skin color .
" 115 house dems want proof trump coordinated transgender military ban with pentagon " 

 meanwhile , the rest of the country wants dems to stop mindless obstruction and do something positive for the country but they refuse .
why is that ?
sell it all bitcoin is the same as the gold the nazis robbed from us jews it funds the facist trumpian nazism needs to be stopped people
white people do n't shoot other people in the streets like black people do .
we shoot them in school , because we have class .
< user > < user > hot when the white sluts obey the black and serve them
> but thick is the buzz word for obese women who want to fit in to some extent .. while i agree with this , the amount of white dudes who use it as a buzzword for any women larger than a toothpick is just as much of a plague , especially on this site .
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
there is no one else like me in the world ... 
 and that is why i am alone , always and forever ...
but marty , the healthy americans act was not a gop bill .
it was written by senators from both parties and co sponsored equally by both parties .
i seem to remember there were major problems with mandatory coverage and opposition from businesses about being forced to divert past payments for employee insurance to employee raises .
i do thank you for that link as it jogged my memory .
u / glitterbritches : " incels are incels cuz they re white "
@incels do you think women owe you a romantic relationship / sex or something similar ?
why is it that no party i ve ever been to in my life has ever popped off as hard as the intro to tiger woods pga tour 2005 url
daily maverick has no shame .
any black person who accuses the black nation of being corrupt is your white knight .
your paper has never written anything positive about the anc government .
why do n't you emigrate to zimbabwe or north korea or china ?
it 's hard to know where to start in commenting on this editorial .
pers has been a disaster ever since the legislature put themselves on it and started increasing benefits unsustainably .
it has morphed from disaster , to unmitigated disaster , to financial armageddon .
with the courts blocking all meaningful reform , we should all now acknowledge that pers ( or the entire state of oregon ) is headed either for bankruptcy or some type of massive bailout that will cripple oregon for decades .
there is a solution someplace ( i think ) , but i have no idea what it could be .
and whatever the solution might be , our weak - kneed legislature will never be part of it .
early meeting is stressing me out . & #
128557 ; then product presentation in one of my client this is so omg & # 128557;&#128557 ; ppt please be my guide & # 128170;&#127995 ; kapit lang !
i 'm going to acknowledge my privileges and call the ignorant idiots out who perpetuate colorism out .
this is my problem with the internet .
i 'm reading all these comments and i do n't think 90 % of you read the article .
these knee jerk reactions to a headline are so dangerous .
i am so sick and tired of watching us canadians target one another and making things party issues .
if the conservatives or the ndp or the pancake flippers party were elected this would have happened .
this was n't a liberal decision this was the only option besides a very expensive lawsuit that canada would have lost .
our government made a major mistake a decade ago and unfortunately this man took advantage .
it 's brutal .
just think about the whole truth , read multiple articles on the same topic and try and take the time to listen to opposing opinions .
and remember each news story is twisted in some which way .
but please ignore tweets from opposing parties ... they are using this story for their political gain .
they know the liberals had no choice .
there were no " stolen german scientists " working on the atom bomb .
none .
if you will recall , we were fighting the germans when we working on the bomb .
do you understand why we would not invite nazis to work on the atom bomb which we intended to drop on them ?
the common wisdom is that it is bad practice to reveal your weapons research to the enemy .
mother fuck'n magat would have ate lead had he come after me .. little white bitch !
that 's culture apropriation , i'm literally shaking , white men are the scum of the earth
fuck off , you white trash fascist southern - fried shithead .
if it was white people crossing the border liberals would be building a wall yesterday .
8 years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems , when whity is gone , who will the idiots blame !
fucking professor , why does she have to exploit me like this ? & #
128579 ;
relax , elizabeth .
canada will one day be a sharia society and you will be emancipated .
i do not hate hitler brother it not black or white for me i do not hate him or love him i find him fascinating i prefer george lincoln rockwell
what do you call all of the whites in mars ?
doomsday on earth
i hate when those little white kids try and act black .
like bitch you are white
bitches too !
# damn right   # so this is cool and stuff
you keep insisting normal is a statistical term but after several semesters of statistics and statistics based classes i 've never heard it used in any statistics application to mean the mode as you keep insisting it does .
would love to see julian assange to finally expose obama administration get it all over with
and you wonder why our world is going to shit it 's idiots like this that think this is dope .
stupid french egotistical faggots
why is n't there a white history month ?
if white men fart is that white privilege misogyny ?
what do you call a white woman with a yeast infection ?
crackers with cheese
why do we spend so much money on the military if they keep loosing wars ?
privatize them so something can get accomplished .
it took approx .
4 years to win ww2 , how long have we been in afghanistan and iraq for ?
lousy return on my investment i would say .
i think diversity only matters because anti - colored racism is still around . (
i live in the south .
it 's everywhere ) and it 's trying to close the gap between white people and non - white people .
i 'd love to live long enough to see an america where diversity does n't have to be enforced .
do not worry if muzzies have their way dogs will not be a thing anymore which means that will not have to get sex changes hooray progress to the garbage tip of history we go thanks libtards
white cucks should be on their knees , sending .. begging to clean up me and alpha 's mess 🤤
@thethunderman05 @cindykomol mate , no one is wiping out white people .
in fact , you 're far more likely to get wiped by a white guy with an assault rifle , who thinks like you , than the phantom foreigners you fear .
i do n't like usa too .
they like to think black people are their slaves .
i hate all the people who thinks their skin is rich .
i 'm not dumb .
what did you do when you were 13 other than sucking your daddy 's nipple thinking that it 's mommy 's ?
nothing .
you 're a gamer .
gamers are probably jobless uneducated guys they could n't even take care of themselves , they depend on their parents even for water .
you re full of your parents shit .
you 're very lucky you 're far away from me .
otherwise i would have kicked your useless balls and killed you by now for abusing me .
defending muslims being in europe saying that islam is nt the greatest threat to the white race pick one kys for having the reading comprehension of a goat
there is no one else like me in the world ... 
 and that is why i am alone , always and forever ...
i totally agree
only niggas make being a good person a contest lmfao
muslims and liberals excoriate us about islamophobia , but we should bear in mind islam 's entrenched racism , xenophobia , homophobia , misogyny , anti - semitism , hatred of christianity , europe .
israel , and america .
islam 's destructive iconoclasm is destroying historic treasures across the me : in just one year notre dame in paris has had three close call bomb threats .
they even have islamophobia against each other .
ancient tribal wars between kurds , shiite , sunni , wahhabi , druze and other islamic sects , isis , taliban and al qaeda are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today .
it is worse than anything expressed in the west , even by trump or lepen
yeah they got executed by russian kikes what kinda kike are you
if ya nigga ever say that bitch ain t yo friend you better believe him 💯 😭
we have been conditioned to only look at the ' figure ' .
what about the increased tax collections that will come from the increased pay and the ' multiplier ' effect that will increase pay for thousands more .
it will lower public safety and health costs because of less stress , making for happier people and families .
their increased contentment and demeanor will rub off on their friends and neighbors , and eventually , make all of us happier that our miniscule raise in our own tax , made our whole state a better place to live .
sen. gillibrand : " i can talk to those white women in the suburbs that voted for trump and explain to them what white privilege actually is — that when their son is walking down the street with a bag of m&ms ... wearing a hoodie , his whiteness is what protects him from not being shot "
white men are being radicalized via the ideologies of anti - feminism and cultural white supremacism into committing acts of unspeakable violence - but they are not labelled in the same way as equally horrendous acts committed by * men * of other backgrounds .
why ?
ahh the bboy oppa from bibap reacted to my highlight video lol .
1st fb interaction since i added him in 2014 ?
lol
p.f .
chang is the asian applebee
< user > lmfao girl how you come up with this it makes sense tho cause niggas fuck every hoe raw 🤮
how in the fuck are the hirshhorn tickets sold out already ? ! ? ! ?
t. rex is still one of the few adults in the room in this administration .
i know that meme has been beaten to death , but that makes it no less true .
he seems to be among the few who act with any sort of dignity and understands the gravity of his post .
nikki hailey on the other hand seems like a personal striver who will do pretty much as trump tells her so long as it also serves her personal interest .
in other words a typical trump administration member .
i hope i 'm wrong about that .
most white kids i know believe they are superior and they freak out whenever a black guy is fighting a white .
dear sweden your cars are getting torched cities burn your women get raped and your children will not have a safe christian nation in the future due to your planned muslim invasion on the bright side at least no one will call you racists maga cuck sweden banislam
go easy on me .
implying she 's a bitch and he 's a poor little victim that needs to be afraid of her .
why do mentally disabled women have short hair ?
i ' ve seen women with only slight mental disorders still have their hair kept no longer than an inch or two .
is it to make hair management easier or what ?
< user > < user > you have < number > numbers in your and you called me a clown stfu retard
@harry balls there 's no such thing as black people .
israelites are not envious of disgusting white people who burn in the sun and get boils and lice .
you came from cavemen , and still are cavemen .
your destiny is 1,000 years of slavery , and then god will destroy you .
god literally calls you satan in the bibe , the man of sin , the antichrist , the heathen .
black people - savages , borderline non - human apes .
middle east - favourite pastime is building bombs and blowing themselves up .
indians - shit on the street , eating shit off the street .
asians - robotic , sexless , dictatorial patriarchy .
​ whites - god 's chosen people .
the perfect specimen .
​ they 're one step from chanting " heil hitler " .
the problem is often rock that once government gets their dirty sticky little fingers in , they just do n't know when to get them out .
so , i do not disagree with you in saying that our economy sometimes needs a nudge from government to go in the positive direction , government interference on a large scale is a unmitigated disaster .
even when they are stuck between two white babies like an inside out oreo cookie
these companies want to take a piece of every single purchase we all ever make .
to do so they want to make using cash very difficult , as discussed here .
as well , they have tried for years to kill interac , with its " no fee per - use " structure .
that is why my ( and your ? ! )
bank debit card says " visa " on it , even though it is not a credit card .
the card is already set up for use with visa debit , even though i do n't want it at all .
the bank wants a cut if visa / mc win their battle .
we need to fight for cash ,   dump your bank if it does not support interac ( as it is now ! ) ,
make fees visible , and undue the stupid court decision that allows visa / mc to force merchants to collect high fees on premium cards , with no ability to pass those charges along .
when are profits high enough for these people ? ?
never !
if return on capital is 12 % this year , they want 13 % next year , and they do n't care if they have to break antitrust law and common decency to get there .
re : " the elitist was shown the door " 

 you think a so - called billionaire is not an " elitist " ? ? ?
boy are you in a bubble .
@_mcchris white kids love hip hop cause i do
@raquelwillis _ you 're a disgusting human being .
actually , you 're not even human .
a 3 year old does n't know anything .
any parent who supports transgenderism in their child deserves to have their children taken away .
if you 're doing this , you should have your children taken away .
you look like you tell black people you do n't say the n word rapping in the car
< number > refugees in a facility that supposed to host < number > are you kidding me seems like the greeks are not serious enough in their endeavours to help sustain and manage the refugees < user >
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
very ugly looking nigger .
i d say to kill it and eat it whole .
also , feed my ur titty milk .
i want those tits in my mouth , asap .
you dumb nigger .
by my sex slave , por favor .
also , if you do nt want to kill the alpaca , i recommend nursing it and giving it vanilla titty milk(if ur a hick in the south ) , or chocolate titty milk ( if u is a niggur ) , or lemonade(if ur a chink )
@david sanchez hey !
latino pitiyanki , we prefer chinaand russia in africa to murderous yankees , they are still africa creating chaos with there nato terrorist military bases here and there .
go home yankee !
control yourself : a showcase of funny 
 every sunday @ alberta street pub .
8:30 doors/9pm show .
get there early because seats fill up fast .
xo
what is a gay scientist 's favorite cookie ?
a fag newton
do not ban islam just make supporting political islam embarrassing if you do support it you are labelled a parvenu a numbskull a thicko a moron make it not just unacceptable but laughable < number > virgins in heaven for killing virgins how stupid are you you poor thing manchester
fuck donald trump !
fuck white america !
fuck white nationalism !
fuck bullies !
i do nt think it 's ok if a trans person does n't tell someone that they are .
who the hell has a shower at 3.30am ? ?
worst night 's sleep in months and it had to be when i have work in the morning .
hogwash , so the taxpayers are supposed to solve every societal problem that exists ?
it can not happen , people need to learn how to get by .
i want to save enough to put my kids through college , why should my money be used to house homeless people ?
no , just typical greed , their enrollment is falling but they want more money for it , and now they want more government money for doing such a bad job .
pakistan come back in last matches deserve to be appreciated love from loc kargil 😁 ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 😍
well canadian tend to think in american shoes , so big deal ?
it is always american for american , canadian for american , both voluntarily .
as long as the same cop is comfortable with an armed white suspect and afraid of a possibly armed black one , blm has a point .
if white cops ca n’t handle the pressure , we should only hire non - white cops .
highlight of my day being shouted at by some randoms in a car for being ‘ dressed like a lesbian ’
oh nick you seem to be missing the most comical aspect of these dumb football players .
they do n't want to deal with the real and much bigger issue of black on black crime as that wo n't help their mindless leader colin " half white " kaepernick get a job in the nfl .
this is the real sport ... watching these fools look silly !
odd you do not see white people burning down their own neighborhoods because bill cosby wasn t found guilty but you do see his lawyer and reps on tv acting all ghetto even though they were victorious ghetto rats
why would you believe this mayor ?
you say you do n't have evidence but you must have some reason for believing him .
did the mayor personally speak to each of the voters or is the mayor speculating ?
as women we are already undermined in a sense so you ’ ll meet your match with this one
south africa represent !
same - sex marriages have been legal since 2006 .
the 5th country in the world to do so .
how to describe hypocrisy all the folks calling on trump to call out white nationalism had not been able to call out antifa blm islamicterror how worse can their hypocrisy be
bet365 betfair telephone bet365 ￡200 welcome bonus https://t.co/keewgqxwnn # williamhill # freeplay https://t.co/hj3ykqb8xm
get ready for riots new york .
when black folks do n't get their lynch mob justice .
they start breaking stuff .
retweeted ihatequotes ™ ( @ihatequotes ): success is getting what you want .
happiness is wanting what you get .
i 'm laughing at the " free rent " argument .
typically that 's what the financially illiterate argue .
with this scenario , you may end up with around $ 700k of asset and be rent free .
alternatively , you can end up with a $ 2 million diversify portfolio of stocks that generates enough enough to pay rent .
those who are financially illiterate talk about generating equity in their primary residence .
those who are financially savvy talk about generating higher net worth .
a million thumbs up we need museums of victims there have been so many as is we do not even have many online memorials for white victims of black violence the memorial pages for victims of illegal alien crime are very simplistic wichita massacre victims deserve a monument
< user > good nite trailer trash
i said if it 's a person .
but yeah , let 's assume it is for the purpose of this discussion : i absolutely get to kill a person for that . [ ... ]
what gives a fetus special rights ?
@tylertrollbane @penelope7usa liberals : white genocide now ! "
conservatives " : hold on !
we need a phase - in so we can assimilate with them .
white genocide must be done carefully , smoothly , and legally ! "
libertarians " : slowing down genocide is collectivist !
and costs money !
leave genocide to the market !
every job in the world exists solely to make a white woman life better
carrie fisher represents the perfect example of a true wasted life .
frustrated that she was always living under the shadow of her mom , " debbie reynolds ' daughter " did one movie ( star wars ) and then spent decades snorting cocaine and abusing alcohol .
this was a way to get away from her mother .
carrie never went on to accomplish anything else .
what is perhaps the saddest , is when you realize that even her role in star wars was obtained almost entirely due to the fact that her mother was a reknown actress .
now , even in death , carrie 's little 10 minutes of glory was cut short , overshadowed once and for all by the death of her mother .
yes , carrie 's life was wasted and she is forever in the shadows of her more successful mother .
oh well , life is n't fair i guess ...
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
white house : we need a distraction so people forget you were best friends with epstein .
trump : " these brown and black women need to go back to their home countries ! "
time for the first nations to realize that the country also needs to take in money , not just pay it out of thin air .
you want all the amenities , help create the revenue .
< user > i will unfollow until joker comes out please do nt kill yourself by then
first of all us blacks do n't get fake tan 's drake ... second of all bucks are gon na win so he should shut up before blame goes to him ..
lingard is n't ronaldo , he 's had awful games and pissed me off but moaning here like we just gave djemba djemba a 5 year deal ?
come on .
if i ca n't get this , you guys definitely ca n't !
having long ass eyelashes is a fucking curse i get at least one in my eye every damn day
problem is the jews have infinity niggers at their disposal they ve got niggers sand niggers and beaners enough to keep whites busy until you and i are dead
the article is missing so much information it becomes a lie : fake news !
- 
 let 's go back to joshua .
by the very admission of boyle 's parents , their son is a great naive .
in 2009 , boyle is so fascinated by terrorism , counterterrorism and security issues in the middle east , that he himself has a tremendous amount of information about wikipedia on the issue .
he claims to be the author of most of the content of texts on wikipedia tying himself to islamic terrorism .
boyle was so close to the kahdr family that he was instrumental in organizing the hunger strike of omar kahdr in 2008 .
a year later he married his sister .
they lived a year together in ontario .
-
you wrote : 

 < < how could you have thought for even a split second that i was under a " professional duty " to go around to public schools warning kids about the consequences of federal crack charges ?
> > 

 it seems like an utterly reasonable assumption to me .
you think educating the public about the law is outside your professional sphere ?
uh , ok .
you wrote : 

 < < but you assume that i and the great majority of whites need to be reminded that black lives matter .
as i said , that in itself is a hateful , racist charge .
> > 

 bs ! !
racism is a profound social problem , and many white people are simply in denial or indifferent about it .
so yes , it 's important to note that black lives matter .
you seem confused about what racism is , and your insistence that blm is ratcheting up racial tensions is histrionic .
maybe to white guys who think it 's " racist " to point out that black lives matter .
what exactly do you expect black people to do when they 're treated as second - class citizens ?
just sing the blues ?
< user > wait us muslims too bad move
good job !
i asked what your pointing and illuminating had accomplished so far , not trump 's .
how many times has cnn been wrong with its fake news ?
then there is even worse maddow who starts every critique with the word " if . "
trump is mending international relations , meeting with many heads of state with their invitation and/or cooperation .
he does not apologize for america and seeks relationships in america 's best interest not , for example , iran 's .
it 's democrat - run chicago 's job to reduce violence there with help from people like you who can loudly point to the problem .
the word " probably " is insufficient for your jobs argument .
immigration policy has " forced out " illegal immigrants ,   better to ask why the people you mention do n't stay , for example , in mexico or , for that matter , why mexico does n't want its citizens to return to mexico ..   i love what i 've seen so far of trump 's wall .
it 's invisible and cost nothing except the will to enforce our existing immigration laws .
< user > i agree racism is wrong as a principle and as a fellow queer it important to strive for an intersectional inclusion in our community hate speech is wrong calling someone white trash is wrong but it also important to acknowledge the pain and fight of fellow queer poc
deport all wops back to the old country .
to everybody complaining about the word " god " being used to describe nubian men , your religion that you grew up on was given to you and your ancestors to bring your morale down , god is an european word , nubian men and women are civilized people originally before our enslavement , it 's much better than calling each other " dogs"and " niggahs " etc , etc .
words are energy .
peace
it would be nice if they were worried about how the usa wasted 120 billion in iraq and another 50 billion in afghanistan .
no one seem to care where that money went or who got it .
especially republicans .
this desire to be considered queer just to not be criticized by the queer community is dangerous .
def co - opting & amp ; def lacking respect
kuhio , i think that 's possible .
but that 's also democracy , no ?
ding dong the witch is gone and now for more liberal cronies to go .
paradise papers do tell !
interesting comments from our current president .
the russians allegedly hack into two e - mail accounts , the dnc 's and john podesta 's and he is willing to risk a cyber war or maybe more on the release of the truth about the dnc and the hillary campaign .
i find that a bit scary myself but i only have 15 years observing the ussr and china and others in an intelligence role to be a bit better informed about how they react to a weak leader .
the rest of you should be very concerned about what obama 's action may cause .
that 's on you .
thieving racist niggers and their stupid honky enablers
the kikes and muzzies only pretended to be christian which is why the spanish and the portuguese kicked them out this guy is clueless lol
no apologies ice chief says illegal immigrants should live in fear of deportation hotpagenews com r < number >
when are you crackers going to realise that your race does nt dictate wether you re superior or not and stop thinking everything you say+
i just wanted validation 
 so a drove to a garage and got my parking validated .
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
maybe it 's because lesbians like vaginas and you do n't have one , or maybe because you still look like a man .
i 'm sure that all those brave and selfless canadians who put their lives on the line for freedom and democracy , and in particular those who suffered grievous wounds and those who gave their lives so that you could enjoy yours , would be repulsed by your casual dismissal of their sacrifices .
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
there are no cost of living increases any more , and there are no " automatic merit increases " either .
a merit increase depends on an annual review .
yes , " even " atheists .
no kidding .
even deists , like jefferson !
but it 's been a battle from day one against conservatives who would deny free speech   except that they agree with , i.e , christian free speech .
this is precisely why the founders set it up as a secular government .
the inquisition was still happening in their day , and i 'm sure they were also fully aware of how the various protestants were having intra - cult battles and suppressing each other , etc . ,
in the colonies .
based on jefferson 's dialog with the baptists of his day , many of them seemed quite upset and confused by the fact that the plan was not to let that continue with the blessing of the u.s. government .
having freedom of religion requires freedom from religion , too .
having one without the other is meaningless .
it 's probably the reason religion is still relatively vibrant here vs. many other advanced countries - government is not involved and does not endorse any religion , including xtianity .
i am pretty sure trump has personal chefs that make nobu look like mcdonald sushi deniro is a chimpathizer mudshark cunt that washed up spaghetti nigger
when the tea party people have a event and very few minorities show up its the white tea party people who are racist .
we are doing fine with our population what s your excuse of the dwindling white population besides being a limp dick faggot
1 9 3 0 sgermany geneticjews controlled white germany via violating antitrustlaw 2 1 st century whit eusa controlled by genetic kikes enablers buffett who s white gives billions to filthy kike gates not for profit ; & traito rcongress enem ysupremecourt who refuse to enforce antitrust law
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
naw , man ... that would be so fucked up if you did that & # 128527 ;
typical white male scum
she is fcked up , and needs help .
what do you call a white girl who runs faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin .
fear my ass , whites trash is the true history of your europeans , you better fear with prisons
@nicolledwallace seriously - go fuck yourself .
a whiteface shot and no riots in the street ?
i will tell you why .
most white people have the intelligence   that tells them not to riot , burn , protest , parade etc .
this info just out in today 's , 12.30.16 ,   rg paper .
in this country for 2016 .
imprisonment rates for whites ( 312 per 100,000 , unchanged over last year ) .
blacks ( 1,745 per 100,000 , down 4 % over last year ) , latinos ( 820 per 100,000 , down 5 % over last year ) .
what does the general public not understand   about black   people committing a majority   of the crimes .
motley , would love your comment ..............
if there was something here there would be action , there would be something shattering the white house , trust the system , knowing it will work .
realize there are people that want you to believe that the conspiracy .
today there was nothing new , let the investigation go and try to dig up the truth .
if there is something , find it quickly and get trump out of there .
people have convicted trump today , of what ?
lying ?
hoping ?
being politically ignorant ?
ok he is guilty of all that .
when will the hype stop and let our dysfunctional government at least try to be efficient .
not sniping smoker , just ready to let government run .
schedule a march , demand something or just vote and use that as your voice .
there is a vote coming up , a little over 3 years away .
not so bad , cheer up , trump may lose , but he also may win again .
you just need to get laid .
why do white guys love being so edgy ?
they 're able to slit their wrist much easier anytime they seek attention
race on the mainland is taken to the extremes ,   whites is whites and blacks is black and no respect for each other with the extremes .
blacks protesting are the criminals protecting black criminals .
they have too .
hooey most police are local tell you what you go into the ghetto where they are killing each other like flies and bring a fucking fairy wand report back if you live
has stupid rich hoe
dammm sa you 're losing another awesome writer ! ! !
how sad again for the people of hawaii .
=( 
 good luck erica .... thank you for sharing all your thoughts and views and exciting stories with the people of hawaii ! ! !
i would suggest that tdl 's goal is to move away from the single/ duo store operator and have their franchisees selected from a larger food service company , such as aramark or cara etc .
the more " professional " ownership would share more of the same vision that tdl has for the brand and more likely to adapt and embrace the more efficient operating strategies that tdl are moving towards .
in ontario , the new minimum wages will have a tremendous impact on the individual store owners , as for the most part every one of their employees will be looking for a 30+% wage increase , and the current system relies on a large staff of minimum or slightly better hourly rates .
the longer term franchisees would probably prefer a return to the days when the stores sold coffee and donuts only .
easier to operate , much more profitable .
ok dis iz late cos i wuz @ dinner bt 1st 1 .... little my lesbian real ! ! ! ! ! ! !
ppl talk abt too ticky n snuf n moomee bein gay alot bt little my n her whole attitude just scream dyke 2 me 0__0 ..... i luv her url
at least i am able to speak proper english now are you going to repeat nazi < number > times expecting a nazi to get offended over being called a nazi or are you going to just shut up and sit there like the little bitch you are
being lgbt friendly is good for business .
i do n't have a problem with that .
bruce jenner does n't exist anymore so it 's doubtful he 'd show up at trump tower .
but at least we know for sure you agree with every racist , sexist , disgusting thing trump says .
ok < user > how can i print in black and white when cyan has run out my son needs to print his homework help and quickly please
i love the muslim unity amongst islamic nations how come they did not take in even one muslim refugee 🤔
[ the data says hate crimes are going up.](url
fuck whites .
let 's burn them at the stakes
taking your kids to school in a dressing gown is a bit like prince harry being raped by arnold schwarzenegger
america 's skilled trades dilemma : shortages loom as most - in - demand group of workers ages # babyboomers via @forbes https://t.co/uxf2kkorsq
i heard some female like their tits jiggled more then being sucked .
you seem like one of those
friend a : : i feel so american right now , i could punch an arab in the face !
friend b : : so i guess this would be an awkward time to remind you that i 'm half lebanese ... friend a : : oh ...
i have this whole idea of how i want my life to turn out ... i just wanna know when it 's gon na start going my way
what is a gay scientist 's favorite cookie ?
a fag newton
thinking about the " boom boom boom waaay ho " video makes me laugh at least once a day .
i swear nowa days niggas got no respect for females chivalry 's dead 🤷 🏻‍ ♂ ️
you mean a black man inciting riots and people being 
 murdered by blacks .
snoop dog a piece of crap saying 
 he would not rest till every white woman was a crack 
 whore .
albeit , it is a phrase coined elsewhere .
time they 
 were all loaded on a leaky boat and sent back to africa .
i managed to endure the christmas this day with no additional 
 inventory ... in this life of stuff
help me to understand the men on this sub .
tyler q houlton ‏ dhsgov can confirm that the suspect was admitted to the united states after presenting a passport displaying an f43 family immigrant visa in < number > the suspect is a lawful permanent resident from bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration
i feel sorry for people living in texas , i live in australia and i always thought texas was a basically white exclusive place to live .
thank you .
it is frustrating when people use religion to judge others .
if university was n't free for me i would have never attended 
 going in debt just to hear normies have sex with each other is the worst investment .
christianity turned whites into lugubrious losers that why even white kids prefer nigger music because niggers do not sound beaten down white christians always do
@fyfriendlyfire @rulaaxo how about this ?
two dicks in your pussy at the same time ? ! ?
i think the # 2018election hinges almost solely on the tax reform vote now , no matter how shitty it may actually be 

 optics is everything in dc ... everything 

 tax reform is a # wethepeople issue , not a # government issue 

 if you vote no on reform , it says you vote no on # wethepeople 

 you 'll get replaced
israel 's gay scene thrives in unexpected places - features - haaretz - israel https://t.co/wzw5he5onj code name : … https://t.co/fl0e6gh8oq
alabama county official fired for being white ? --
https://t.co/sl6nbvtleh @gopusa # sgp # usa # tcot # teaparty
we will just have to agree to disagree .
yes , i support ' the man '   - he see 's what many of us see , the current path of aca is not working .
a puny little geek named fuentes is a white supremacist ?
alrighty then .
why do white guys love being so edgy ?
they 're able to slit their wrist much easier anytime they seek attention
regardless of time you need to be ready these days .
lot of this going on between 10am-2pm when they think your at work ( earning the things they plan to steal ) .
i will happily justify my shoot of a criminal and alaska has some of the best self - defense laws in the land .
hesitate and you may not live to have that chance .
if alfie was non white he would already be in italy receiving treatment truth
it is my understanding apu is a private collage .
private means no federal funding money .
unlike uaa & uaf .
remember ernie , its about the young people who may need some help .
ummm ..... ground control to major gabby .
payette already made us proud when became the first canadian to board the international space station .
i ca n't believe i used to be so averse to trans people .
you are beautiful .
the dyslexic racist " gingers get out ! "
i wanna be dramatic on twitter but i know i 'll end up deleting the tweets .005 seconds later so there 's no point
sui fuel 
 having a younger brother or cousin who is good looking , popular and is good with women meanwhile i are subhuman , autistic , and everyone hates me
it 's pride month so here 's some female and non - binary lgbtq+ artists you 're maybe not listening to but absolutely should
guilty as fuckin charged fuck dat white bitch
how many white people does it take to change a lightbulb ?
that 's not funny , i ' m suing .
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
< user > bless he a skinny white boy with glasses and a man bun should not be hard to narrow it down
< user > < user > like nigga care
> he looks exactly how i 'd imagine he would just w/ slightly less dorito dust on the shirt collar king of the incels
rate me from < number > to < number > and rt for a small gift in dm 🧐 🙋 宇佐木あいか سحاق asianslut vcs محارم vcs loli bigboobs
lets fucking go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
@itswoofy congrats on the button and all the hard work that you have overcome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
whiteskins are so stuped by xtianity they think jews are just fellow whites with bbn no they are different race sick of racists who do nt take race seriously
if most of his putative victims were average retail investors rather than wealthy hedge funds probably would n't have been prosecuted .
i am not your devil you are zealots and nazis burn the christian air force
they love to attribute motivations and feelings for which there is no evidence steve sailor peter brimelow and jared taylor are genocidal even they they claim to oppose violence i have looked into their hearts and seen the hate likewise antifa violence is based on projection
nowplaying not to be fucked with featuring @therealkiss - gillie da kid @gilliedakid @djself @djsuperstarjay # knsradio 12:55
" " " @trendinaliang : the 3 most active users for # smsgjos were : @bennycapricorn ( 131 tweets & amp ; rts ) @alutadarf ( 51 ) @disturbingjos ( 33 ) — # trndnl "
sort of like the toronto sun .
all about right wing propaganda .
" " " everybody gets a cousin ! !
sorry , i was raised by white people .
i do n't know no better " " lmao # thisisus "
i feel so much better knowing that chris christie is on the case .
i 'm sure he 'll spend the $ 57k that donald allocated wisely .
and , just out of curiosity ... what the heck is “ opioid - na – ve ” ?
i 'd look it up but i 'm a bit whacked out on oxy and ca n't figure out google today .
yes he has benefitted more than the average person of colour or woman or lgbtq or muslim .
that you 're blind to it shows your own ignorance about how racism works .
if you are white , born into a white society where white men dominate the power structures , then you were born into the privilege of being from the dominant race .
this has provided opportunities to you more so than you realize as compared to those who do n't belong to that group .
you would not really have been taught to question your privileges and things you take for granted .
unless you 've seriously self - reflected on the racism taught to you ( intentionally or not ) , you would indeed have been part of those who have oppressed others .
yes , you would belong to the group that oppresses and if you can not see how others are affected or you automatically blame them for their misfortunes without question , then indeed you are part of the problem .
you are complicit .
look up harvard implicit bias and take the test .
as my gpaw always said .
i ai n't racist .
sexist .
or homophobic .
you 're all assholes .
especially you bitch .
i think your right about the r meaning registered trade mark .
@bullpup2a @breckbuzz @potus she needs to be thrown out of the country .
send her to somalia where she belongs .
mr mason and mr trudeau are just repeating the prayer of st augustine : 
 " lord make me pure but not yet " .
me i hate nazis someone hate hate is such a strong word me uh yeah
funny .
i cut the cord years ago because there was too much awful us content and i had to go elsewhere to find good tv shows .
in fact , it 's all they got .
the fbi investigated the clinton email nothing burger thingy for over a year looking for anything , anything to indict her on and they came up empty as announced by comey in july .
how would you like the fbi poring over your every email and activity for over a year mr. 88(by the way that " 88 " is an alt - right dog whistle is n't it ? ) ?
" books are mirrors you only see in them what you already have inside you . "
i hope i die cause i am white blacklivesmatter
two traders with too much fur and way too much hair 
 uttered " alternative facts " that did n't square 
 while one used his position to fight certain immigrants 
 the other meowed his zero understanding of dividends 
 and together they made quite a pair !
not questioning that i am a trans woman just how far i want to go with this .... perhaps some people are meant to be stuck in limbo forever :(   so good to hear you are doing well and i wish for you only the best !
fuck white people
@nbs8989 wtf is happening to society where people think it 's normal for anyone , let alone a juvenile , to mutilate their sexual organs based on emotion ?
i do n't see american happiness increasing any time soon .
i 've been saying for several years now we 're in a second civil war , but nobody recognizes it because it 's not being fought with guns ( yet ) .
the united states is basically two nations of people , each with opposing ideologies and world - views that are forced to share a government and an economy .
it 's been this way since the early 18th century .
each having to make concessions to the other only serves to fertilize discontent .
these conditions do n't exist in those super - homogenous nordic countries , for example .
< user > it is racist democrats that want our country overrun by illegal aliens they want to wash out and dilute any and all white influence in our country
yo can you all go ahead and get < user > up outta there too cuz if trumps gone and he president he gon be calling folks niggers and shocking gay people on live tv talkin about its jesus time bitches
omg , he called a lady a " bimbo " ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so i 've been awake since 2:30 a.m bec where i live the uk is 5 hours ahead and i was n't going to miss @harry_styles on @bbcr1
it 's not just about being " women of color " most important is what you do for people of color !
in the last 2 yrs ⁦@realdonaldtrump⁩ has done more for " people of color " than these so called " women of color ! "
name 1 thing the squad has done legislatively for people of color !
have but fuck the grammar nazis
steve king and other white supremecysts , ( that 's right i meant to spell it that way , cause that 's what you are , a cyst on society ) , think about it ... white people are just a bunch of melanin deficient , sun burning recessive gene having indians and blacks .
get over yourselves ! !
you 're not special !
while you 're at it .
i hope that it burns you up inside that i can spend all day and all summer in the sun without spf 5000 and not burn !
good day to you sir !
is " white trash " an acceptable term to you ?
i just want to know the character of the person who wants us to read and consider his comments .
what other race based epithets do you find acceptable ?
why is this hypocrisy so rampant in the left ?
have him come to california and see what crap i had to grow up around .
i 'll need 1maybe even 2 days tops ...
i hope your canaries get sodomized by this fat greek faggot
cause he 's white and privileged so fuck him in particular even though he 's raped one person and has been deemed unlikely to be a repeat offender .
but fuck this guy in particular .
i dunno , probably gettin ' fucked in the ass or somethin' .
nazi is code word for white male , regardless of mixed ethnicity .
< user > they switch up like faggots
america likes to waste all of its time starting illegal wars in the middle east to fight in the name of israel when they need to be removing the corrupt and useless mexican government .
< user > this flop actor does not understand the difference between refugees and illegal immigrants < user > was talking about the minorities from pakistan bangladesh and afghanistan who were persecuted by muslim fundamentalists in their respective countries
donahue gives up a solo homer to dodge to make it 6 - 5 .
that 's all medford gets .
to the bottom of the third .
may god bless independent minded p'pl of the west .
be able to look at # islam as a blessing .
i wish # pakistan , # arab # emirate & # saudiarabia would wake up & do the same .
the # hijab is now an official part of police uniform in # scotland url # fridaymotivation
sen. bishop :   stop adding government bureaucracy !
start being a republican and start showing the libertarian ideals that got you voted into your position in the first place !
adding this proposed lottery means adding more government workers to oversee , administer , enforce , and adjudicate this program-- these costs are already being taken out of every alaskan 's pfd , and would lead to even less of a pfd for everyone , at the benefit of a handful of people .
stop tying is up with government and start severing the ties .
if you wanted to help us invest wisely with our pfd money ( money which is not even guaranteed to exist , at this point ) , then start a government - sponsored ad campaign for private citizens and families to save for college , thereby depending on government less-- to save for unknown medical expenses that they know they will need someday -- thereby depending on government less .
government is the problem , sen. bishop- not the solution .
start minimizing our ties to the government .
i support this measure .
snap is for basics , not frills .
disclosure .
i am on snap .
it 's origin comes from people associating those with downs to looking like mongols from the country of mongolia   source : my slightly racist f 70 year old father
we need to agree & amplify the white supremacy meme 

 basically , constantly start calling every alt liter , libertarian , and normie - con a white supremacist 

 create fake accounts on twitter to harass normie right - wingers 
 twitter wo n't ban you cause they protect leftists
how can a person with incriminating info be kept safe ?
she 's trying to summon a mob , making false allegations about oapi , and in general , acting ... worrisome .
pondering if i need to lawyer up .
oooh so he put his peepee stick in the guys poopoo hole ?
that s are a gay !
< user > no it is impossible for a jew to be a nazi its like calling a black person a white supremacist
@realdonaldtrump go fuck yourself .
simply put , you fucking racism - advocating , white supremacist - loving fool .
how about i follow you around in public every time you 're outside and harass you ?
this is what that fuckface refugee did , followed and harassed them , and it 's no surprise when you look at his criminal record .
i 'm not surprised a swede is ready to get on their knees and suck off every muslim refugee and defend them from all criticism .
orange strangelove ..... and more nukes , my place in the boonies looking better all the time .
are these not hot women in bikinis
bitch ass fuckin punks !
minorities ?
eat shit cunt .
you 're not a woman , you 're a cow .
you absolutely need to be milked , and you can milk my cock with your filthy pussy at the same time .
i 'll bite your neck to mark you as mine , and fill your cunt with cum over and over .
you 'll stay chained up in my basement , ready any time i want to breed .
@repthomasmassie so your wife sleeps with an automatic weapon and a magazine that holds 100 rounds ?
da fuk ?
really lacking in the penis department , huh ?
time she gets a new man .
upgraded to a real ass bitch you hate to see it
i 'd appreciate if you 'd change the title to " 6 gay christian 's vs 1 gay athiest . "
thanks .
ontario and quebec signed onto the california cap and trade system .
and california created way more carbon credits than it actually needed to ensure prices remained artificially low .
so basically they will be paying california a cheap rate to offset emissions that never existed in the first place .
politically convenient but not effective .
christy clark is right to call them out on this and call for actual pricing and emissions reductions .
so many resources wasted on these kinds of people .
i really like your reminder regarding how quickly new priests now become pastors , and so on .
the days of many vocations also provided more time for priests to " pay their dues " in parishes if they were headed to more authority later .
much more to build on .
early privilege that is not mediated in some way almost always leads to a failure to understand later .
actually there are not alot of people moving here legally .
our economy has been to volatile .
if anything we got our rich and wealthy moving out .
you guys ever wonder where the jews would be if they did nt kill em ? ?
here is a hint .
what is americas inmate ratio ....
shut your fucking lard hole when someone 's talking to you , you fat white cunt
what stupid jew about know about russia these stupid jews making bible classes in school while the teacher teach american kids at gun point about there lord these jews are coaching our kids to hate these jews are forcing our american kids to be accompanied by israel to help hate muslims this is not acceptable america should n't accompany .
israel must be destroyed russia must help destroy israel
bitches be so fine and got the nerve to like niggas 😒
< user > piss ant ifas are hardly a minority the majority of them are white they are new white nationalists new neo nazis pantyfa
who to trust when it comes to proper interpretations of alaska statutes .... anchorage district attorney or random newspaper commentator ?
chris knows that .
it is a tactic to expropriate and / trivialize jewish history and suffering .
well the us is now under a one party dictatorship .
why not promote a government sponsored religion and make it a full on totalitarian one ?
no sense in having freedom of conscience anymore with trump at the helm .
positive answer 
 stop selling guns - problem solved - no guns to steal 

 realistic answer 
 guns kill period   - so should protected like $ $ - in safe w/ armed guards
what do you call an angry white guy ?
a firecracker .
run away pussy did nt think i d call you out on your bullshit eh fucking gay ass red trash
there are 1.6 billion muslims in the world and 4.5 million irish .
during the irish conflicts there was no blanket condemnation of protestants or catholics .
convicting the masses based on the behaviour of a small percentage is a knee - jerk reaction founded in ignorance .
it would be like profiling white males because the largest proportion of mass shootings in the u.s. are perpetrated by that group .
you ca n’t always get what you want .
but , if you ’re lucky , you get what you need . ” ―
justin bieber , first step 2 forever
hey man , maybe you should like do the world a favor and cut your balls off so you do n't reproduce mayo - boy
i do n't pay hookers but i 'm not some moralizing faggot who thinks i 'm any better than those who do .
what do you call all of the whites in mars ?
doomsday on earth
i think that i am going to remind my adult children how lucky they are that i am not a bible literalist .
i have to admit that there were times , during the teenage years , when stoning could have been seen as an alternative .
:-)
the people who wanted change and naively beleived that any change had to be   better than the incumbent .
i suspect they know better now .
# damn right   # so this is cool and stuff
this how i 'm tryna be 😭 retarded with my retarded kids url
all good reasons with all this evidence my wife and i can not figure out why white girls hook up with the nigger
more swamp cesspool scum can not can not put together a coherent sentence must attempt to read from a staff prepared script reads so slowly you and he lose the thought if there is on a typical democrat liberal ghetto fool
glossary of female disorders and hardships 
 * incel = can not get the 9/10 multimillionaare giga chad to be in a commiteed relationship with them ( but can get pumped and dumped by him ) 

 * social anxiety = can only work up the courage to approach 10 chads a week instead of 100 like other girls 

 * depression = chad is taking too long to text back 


 feel free to add more
i can not go to a restaurant amp eat a burger that ’ ghetto
they are called liberals and we are called nazis by the msm mediacrats misapplication of terms began in 1 9 6 0 during vnw weathermen underground communists bill ayers and his bitch bernadine dohrn who schooled frank marshall davis son obama fathered with a mudshark porn hoe
biches be acting like jigaboo
so , lets analyze this a bit .
in the top statement , you are observing , and we assume complaining that anyone being told " go back to ( where ever ) "   is bad , when it is coming from an old white man .
but here in this statement , you have a method to justify when it is now appropriate to tell someone they should go back to the mainland .
again , it only appears to apply to " white men " 

 so , it is bad when said by one group , but it is perfectly fine when said by another group .
there is a word for that : hypocrite .
and considering that you failed to address when micronesians are told " go back to your country " by hawaiians , then that must be ok too ?
if incels ca n't get women because of their ( ( ( personality ) ) ) then why can they successfully catfish ?
rate me from < number > to < number > and rt for a small gift in dm 🧐 🙋 宇佐木あいか سحاق asianslut vcs محارم vcs loli bigboobs
< user > lmao yes i ’ m asian 😅 that ’ why i said “ any other asians ” teehee
the ideas and goals of the alt right versus the religious right are extremely similar the means of getting there and the rhetoric is different the alt right tries to tap into values that are not there socialists are often fundamentally white but rarely fundamentally christian
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
a man who loves and respects his mother are the signs of a good man .
if he was raised well he will treat you well .
remember that .
i thought rachel dolezal was a sexy and thick light skinned bitch and so i gave her a pass that my sin i am not tryna cast shade on women who are not black
having someone notice that he is passed out and voluntarily bring the matter to the attention of the police is not exactly a " system " .
you 're argument relies entirely on the dodging a bullet once proves that prudence is not rational .
i 'm guessing by the unlettered " who the eff is ashley nunes , anyway " that you are a pilot ?
why do people keep saying @girlposts steals tweets ? !
even if she does , leave her alone .
no one asked for your opinion . & #
128519;&#128521 ;
fucking professor , why does she have to exploit me like this ? & #
128579 ;
@sa6areeko they throw boys in the streets and say " that 'll show them what a man really is " smh this is why our economy is failing
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
on the other hand , if i were to use a racist slur knowing full well you 'll attack me for it , that 's another matter entirely .
well that 's what we were talking about …
an exciting 24 hours in telecom with @youtubetv limited launch yesterday , and # xfinitymobile details unveiled this am !
< user > < user > < user > and trump calls africa shithole countries as a joke and he calls immigrants animals as a joke and he calls black people varmin as a joke you are no different neither is < user > go take a look at yourself in the mirror
kicking lyles to the curb should 've happened at the end of last year .
why they gave him another $ 3 million to pitch like a single a prospect is beyond me .
i have a solution .
send them back to where they came from .
they caused their own problems by choosing to come here .
they are their own country 's problems .
not the problems of the united states .
they are invaders .
now i 'm getting fucking sick omg like i wanna fucking cry
i ’ m that white girl that fuckin hates being a white girl and was raised by a black parent lol and not even full white i hate it here
yes , really .
bannon himself has proudly stated that breitbart became a platform for the alt - right ( i.e. , white supremacists ) .
most jewish people in politics are democrats .
what does that tell you ?
lol , terrorist apologist .
you 're a joke .
how many islamic terror attacks were there in the us in the last few years ?
how many by right wing nuts ?
not to mention they 've spent the elementary years excusing missed homework on baseball tournaments and exhaustion from soccer practice .
yes , i 've seen this with my own eyes .
why should president obama feel ashamed for saving people 's lives ?
the supreme court backed him on the aca .
now the republicants will try and go in and undo the aca but not without a fight from the democrats .
democrats save lives and republicans had people a shovel and tell them to dig six feet under .
@gaywonk wow how tolerant condoning violence but its always double standards with you nut job snowflakes on the left .
all a bunch of zombie sheep fallowing your masters every word .
carlos ur name now is boy & u will address every1 as master
the doctors of ju - ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by white people in cities built by white people .
holy shit , this is terrifying .
delaying treatments like sex reassignment or confirmation surgeries literally kills people .
this government is going to literally kill people .
url
friend : : i 'm just not attracted to black guys like that .
me : : ... but your boyfriend is black .
friend : : not really .
she does n't consider her boyfriend ' that black ' because he is from the suburbs , his dialect reflects his middle class upbringing , he likes world of warcraft and does n't listen to rap .
niggas cry and complain so much i am starting to think you all the real females in the relationship 💀
wisconsin voter my brother died of an opioid overdose how can you fix that paul nehlen it okay to be white wisconsin voter ok but i am about to lose my job the factory is moving overseas can you stop that paul nehlen did you know jews control the porn industry
and those people who would rather have women pastors , can have them .
all they have to do is join a protestant church that has a women pastor .
bill nye all jews should die
" he slammed barack obama for playing too much golf but , on becoming president , started teeing it up even more frequently himself . "
did " you " expect anything else from this lying , cheating , defrauding sorry excuse for a human being ?
the " man " / trump is the worst the united   states has to offer , and that from a nation where racists , white supremacists and anti - semites rule in many of the states .
hell of a " job " gents .
many people around the world kind of " forgot about it " when these lunatics ruled texas and many of the southern states , kind of hard to hide the truth when the president of the us of a is one of the lunatics .
.
i 'm my best friend 's # 1 fan if nobody is there for her i 'm there for her because i know how it feels to not have anybody by your side & # 128109;&#128080;&#127997;&#128175 ;
shout out to ol jews and ol rules
sorry , your inverted dick looks like a split ball sack .
there 's nothing female about it , just male mental illness .
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
what they succeed in doing is equating mercenaries for either the ukrainian or russian side with islamic jihadists thereby transferring the perceived threat from islamists to white men
i want more than 5 private repos in github gdi .
mccarran - walter act , ( immigration and nationality act of 1952 ) allows 4 the suspension of entry or imposition of restrictions by the president , whenever the president finds that the entry of aliens or of any class of aliens into the united states would be detrimental to the interests of the us .
i 'm happy to agree that the kkk and neo - nazi groups are repugnant .
i 'm not willing to concede that blm and antifa are any better .
a pox on both houses .
while i do n't condone white supremacists or nazis ,   i swore an oath to defend the constitution against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
and the first amendment to that constitution codifies every us citizen 's rights to assembly , speech , and petition for redress .
including nazis .
so long as they are peaceful .
leaflet the ghetto claiming it is a free hip hop concert
+ arun devarajan arun in kerala the flag of securalism still remains and people of kerala never chant narendra modhi because our roll model still remains one god in various forms like eswhar jesus and allaha so the ideology of communal still far from kerala it will never happen 😋 😋 😋
this slut 's getting fucked by 8 guys at the bathhouse .
😈 i 'd love to eat his pussy after all the fuckers have deposited multiple loads in it !
💦 💦 💦 💦 😛 💦 💦 💦 💦 @dev_tylerxxx # gaysex # orgy # gaygroup # bareback # fucking url
i think the principle that you 've cited is wrongly leveraging incredulity against scientific consensus .
being incredulous is not , in and of itself , a path to rational conclusions .
you have cited numerous examples where " potential " threats have led to bad choices by some , but you 've reversed the role of skeptic and believer here ; in the examples you have cited , the majority of well established scientists have promoted -- based on scientific evidence -- the practice of vaccination .
likewise , most scientists have cautioned against abuses of our environment , and have , therefore , promoted being kind to our planet .
meth might .
but i do n't see anyone out there passing petitions to legalize it .
besides , the illegality of it is irrelevant .
such things are already illegal , yet people somehow manage to get them anyway .
rather than saddle white women with more children that they probably can not afford perhaps it would be better to spike the water supply in the middle east with a substance that makes men impotent better idea
damn it took the breakfast club 45 minutes to ask troy ave questions about taxstone .
i 'm surprised they has that much restraint .
i slapped my liberal uncle like a bitch nuff said
> got off relatively well we ca n't know that and it is a ridiculous hypothetical to lean on .
all we can know is that the people that did get to the native american , african and australian populations slaughtered them en masse .
you 're taking time out of a kids learning because of 1/2 a fucking inch i think not .
when all the technology starts fucking up ... do n't get upset or frightened just know it 's the end of this world as we know it
my grandma : : [ my name ] needs to lose weight !
that 's why she 's never had a date .
my mom : : or maybe she goes on dates with girls and does n't want to tell you about it .
my grandma : : haha !
that 's a good one .
made me feel fat - shamed , prude - shamed and queer - shamed all at once .
like my body and my love life are open to discussion and my sexuality is a joke .
it pleases me to no end to see the settlers finally being held accountable for their words and actions .
we have gotten used to having our way because of white privilege , so it helps to see that -rather than hiding behind white privilege and the usual exhortations for the dark - skinned to " get over it , we 're just joking " , these settlers are held to account .
so far , many of us are in agreement that all these claims about " free speech " is really a lent arion that white settlers ca n't make fun of the dark - skinned like in " the good ' ol days " .
ahh the bboy oppa from bibap reacted to my highlight video lol .
1st fb interaction since i added him in 2014 ?
lol
another sleepless night starting to research kirk douglas who began as of a family of poor jewish immigrants in a city near mine creepy personal life hidden forever shows internal moral longtime rot of hollywood
the momentum to dump nafta rests in the white house and lead elements of the administration .
that has been enough to get the ball rolling and keep it rolling .
a year ago nobody thought about the demise of nafta .
now they are .
who knows where this issue will be in six months .
too many people like you can not accept the fact that there is now a good chance that nafta will fall .
they think that it can be saved by rear guard actions .
i never look away ; i want to stare into your face , the gentle look away ; i let my true feelings be sitting here trying to
' voodoo ' sells donuts , it 's not a buzzword .
i never said opening storefronts in the square translates directly into thousands of jobs .
i use a writing style called zooming - out , where i focus on one detail , in this case opening the walls in kesey square .
i then zoom out to the butterfly lot a block away .
if a year round covered farmer 's market were built , there would be more room for new vendors to join the market .
currently there is not enough room .
more sales space for more farms will directly provide more employment .
i then zoom out further to the 2021 corrupt track and field events , and make the point that even more people will travel and move here in years ahead .
the sustainable food economy includes farms , restaurants , caterers , wholesalers and distributors , value added processing , retail ... not only will a resurgence in local agriculture provide job growth for these employment niches , but increased activity in this sector will ripple outward into banking , hardware , services etc .
and what s wrong with protecting the environment and uprighting the injustices that we brought on to the native people .
using their children as target practice is something you condone tool .
when a superior being invades our planet hopefully they target tools like you first .
< user > jihad is mainly responsible and jihadi 🐖 like u r greatly responsible stop jihad and world will be much much peaceful 😠
indian mods are cucks
nazi is code word for white male , regardless of mixed ethnicity .
realistically , i feel that the state legislature should vote to not extend the get rail tax past it 's current limits , as they will then be breaking their political promises to the voters of the state of hawaii .
it is rightfully the problem of the mayor , city council and the hart board to deal with the issues of financing the transit rail project !
as it stands right now , what has been proven beyond a shadow of a dobut is that both mayor caldwell and the former hart board executive grabauskus , were both caust lying   to the honolulu voters , when they claimed that the rail " was on time and on budget ! "
time to hold mayor caldwell and the hart board accountable for tansit rail in honolulu ; let them figure out where they are going to   find the money to cmplete the project ; if not then , maybe it 's time to impeach a city mayor for malfeseance ........
even if you only count the top 25 active warzones ( based on death count ) that is almost 3 billion people who " qualify " to be refugees .
and that does n't even count the " economic migrants " who -for political correctness reasons- get referred to as refugees .
plenty of syrian immigrants should be considered migrants yet are labelled refugees , for but one example .
< user > well that what kennedy said to get her to leave but kennedy was also worried buffy might make a move on willow because that just how queer women who have known each other for a decade act
they look like ministrel show versions of women
minorities first that 's nice
yes that mudshark tendency shows the world how truly progressive she is see
how maney of you ladies are attracted to older women
the dnc their leaders schumer pelosi bernie elizabethwarren cuomo others talk about helping immigrants but never talk about helping americans democrats do not work for the benefit of usa its time to maga elect trump supporters reelecttrump2020 americafirst gabfam
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
hey i got a good idea why do n't we make a bunch of more deals with the u.s. only this time we will make them with a mad man .
i wonder how that will work out for us , any body have any ideas on that .
no i mean racial nationalism we are talking about a relatively homogeneous white identity and you can get power if you form an alliance with other racial nationalists black nationalists and white nationalists for instance have a common enemy we both want separation
all i will say is what the summer heat does to these pink racist recessive retards they will be the only ones going back , these people stole our land and then chants go back , most black are n't african here in america , this is our land .
the only slaves that came here were from the island , history is a lie just like anything europeans have anything to do with .
good point !
the g&m 's " civility " standards do n't seem the way to go . . .
apparently i am now on a short leash for not agreeing what is civil 
 on the other hand , do n't mind at all allowing kelly to express what he does the way he does it . . .
he walks a fine line and is an entertaining and thought provoking read . . .
remember islam ignited in the middle east they once were normal then they got ruled by violence brainwashed
< user > is that the rochdale and bradford sexist culture the asian pervert fiddlers who like to rape white schoolgirls
the cbo 's numbeers were better than everyone else 's .
http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/cbos-obamacare-predictions-how-accurate/
a federal investigation should be conducted to determine and identify all of the corrupt people who are involved with the rail project .
it appears that public corruption has been going on since the beginning of the project .
the kealoha scandal will pale in comparison 
 to that of caldwell and the rail project .
being gay doesn ’ t give out free passes to be gross to women
866 - dhs-2ice make the call , build the wall , deport them all .
dark jokes are like vaccines children do n’t get them .
< user > < user > is there any evidence for overlap between the two groups of rich white people i know they all look alike
mental illness my ass .
this devil is just evil from his mother 's decayed womb .
why was the white devil in prison ?
i bet the white devil was using meth or raping kids .
the white devil must have a long record .
adam should swallow a bottle of pills 💊 and call it a day .
+ holoholo haole no ka oi they can keep the bastard .
if only it worked that way .
in the world of empires and realpolitik , the foreseeable response would likely be , " we can do this the easy way , or the hard way . "
besides , some future " conservative " government would only sell us out again .
even chrétien knew that in a world of " you 're either with us or against us " there is no real choice .
as a graduate of the lundquist college of business , i would think the qualifications for a new dean would put an understanding of business education and respect of her peers , which were not mentioned , above " collaboration and inclusion " which are pc buzzwords whose meaning shifts depending on who you ask and when you ask them .
also , what does she mean exactly by " pivotal time in the university ’s history ? "
it would be nice to have some actual investigative journalism from the r - g rather than just a reprint of the uo 's press release .
as far as i can tell from this article , when former dean james reinmuth paraphrased an article from the wall street journal which derisively called eugene " the last bastion of the terminally hip , " he would not have been pleased to find the business school had now become co - opted as part of the ever widening bastion of the terminally politically correct rather than teaching sound business concepts .
i hope that is not the case .
< user > yeah twitter without dark mode is not doable i could not tweet as much as i do if my eyes were being raped by a white screen
screw your red neck if he dares throw a camat me i will beat your ass to the next world war 1   lost a sub   you ought to be more humble white trash
a ' donation ' to the cause will make everything right .
wotta day for putting the flag on top of your car and drive through the caliphates playing onwards christian soldiers full blast on a ghetto blaster
ion like y' all niggas y' all be getting on my nerves y' all all the same nigga inna different body 😭
< user > when white ppl are speaking for us and ignoring the fact that racism is something which exist in every country in my country white ppl were attacked and raped black ppl were slaves for us etc tweeting such bs will not end racism it only helps racism
israel 's gay scene thrives in unexpected places - features - haaretz - israel https://t.co/wzw5he5onj code name : … https://t.co/fl0e6gh8oq
so you see two male dogs having sex with each other on a semi regular basis ?
hmmm , me neither .
white   man is but a slave to first nations .
we mist keep working to create the wealth   they deign to earn themselves .
they dance   and   beat drums rather than   build warm homes .
they purify   spirits rather that purify their drinking water . .
they learn to weave feathers to make headdresses rather than learn math to make a living ..   we must pay our taxes to so they may live without taxation .
they   are miserable in spite of , and because of   having no responsibility for their own survival , and   white man 's groveling for forgiveness .
the room 
 is pretty much about johnny getting betbuxxed / inceled .
that is right .
there are no fine people who are neo - nazis or white supremacist , they are all poor quality individuals .
racist and bigots do not get a pass .
blm did n't say they are anti - white , they said stop killing us because we are black ; there is a difference .
people threatening the presidency is a completely different issue .
these are all different and it is easy to separate the racist bigotry from the group and it can be treated as a unique problem exclusively .
context is desh m h hi nai ye ek desh ek br divide hogya h ek muslim majority country bn chuka uske upar < number > muslim majority country border share krte h ek m se illegal immigrants yaha bhr k aate h is liye amit shah did nt mention muslim in hi speech do nt go back amit shah
genius level iq and " she black "
i guess i can take " visiting lafayette " off of my bucket list ....
it 's because they 're white but middle eastern so if you 're pro them you 're anti brown people
that 's right again whoopi ! !
black republicans can sit back and say nothing if you want to to .
you 're not safe either .
they 'll come for you next .
siting in the studio y'day to celebrate @iamdj_yb 's bday just showed me a lot & amp ; reminded me where i strted from & amp ; with whom i strted with
yes , clinton is a politician .
trump is not -- he is a rich , white con artist and six time loser ( two divorces and four bankruptcies ) , who has somehow managed to bamboozle a significant portion of this country 's population .
consider the " lesser of two evils " argument .
stephen j. remington
@money route what u whtte rat not scared ?
lol u typical deluded drug addict gay wedding product puxxy , 5foot 6 ?
lol that s u fccking whte rats , chinese average is 179 cm , the one of tallest in entire world , that s why yao ming is tallest nba players , while u merican rats especially whte rats are all born dwarfs , and u maericans are most useless pxxys everybody in world beat shat out of u in war , even somalian pirates with no guns , and come to china , face to face , i can beat sht out of u with my one hand
i have a lesbian friend .
although she 's not really part of my typical guy friend group
< user > the unhcr has helped countless refugees from africa those refugees do not agree with your tweet
hilarious ... you think independents are going to vote democrat after watching you act like 2 year olds ?
rioting , stopping free speech ?
get a clue .
ouch , that hurt .
though we disagree more than ever i consider you a friend ,   my gratitude for exploring a point is genuine .
now what 's wrong with the bannon narrative ?
nothing , so long as one does n't mind certain proclivities like white nationalism , digging into gossip and feeding it to the rabid dogs who already hate any policy left of reagan .
bannon and breitbart , drudge , or newsmax all promote sensational coverage of trivial red meat that generates ire and indignity increasing the level of disconnect of their readers to people who breathe while defending corporations who do n't care about them .
that 's a start , if you seriously do not have a problem with white nationalism , and the associated hate and violence , you truly are among hillary 's deplorables .
pierre , previously some time last year you had articles berating ' free speech fundamentalists ' , the gist of your theme is that free speech comes with severe limitations , ie hurting others by ones speech is more important / bad than limiting free speech .
using the word fundamentalists showed your colours , free speech being probably a white / colonialist / etc etc luxury we in multi cultured sa can not afford .
do the same principals apply for art if the white is replaced by black , coloured or any of the other many words we use for the other in multi cultured sa ?
or does hate speech now kick in if whites are not the ' fuck ' target ?
the f word is not the big no no you suggest , it is using it coupled with a group that is not pc .
no because the nigger word should only be used by blax when whites use it they should be killed
and the saudis will be the one to destroy you guys sadly rip
your 12 .
when your balls drop and and i climb off your mother , then you can tell me what to do fucktard .
fuck them crackas url
hey there ! !
due to my college transiconnotch being suspended ! !
i have decided to come to twitter myself ! !
to continue to spread lgbtq+ positivity through my game ! !
trans rights ! ! !
this is so disgusting .
males are so gross .
have they never seen a pornstar 's pussy ?
many are innies and they have probably had more sex than most people
you ca n't be a high school teacher .
you 're too pretty , so the boys wo n't respect you .
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
i 'll preface this by saying that my family has been in alaska since 1946 and i was born in anchorage and raised in chugiak .
anyway , the state should not have to subsidize people that want to live a subsistence lifestyle in the bush , mr. otness .
if someone wants to live the " old ways " , they need to give up all creature comforts , use oil and wood for heat with no plumbing and no government assistance .
they also should n't expect people that moved into the 21st century to feel bad for those that did n't because of some stubborn want to be " self sufficient " .
anti violence laws just saved a white man from my nail scratches
excellent - i am someone who is the loudest in our building 8090 sherbourne # imperiallofts .
i have also been the hardest working person in the condo in getting people to start a community - i started the gardening committee ; reported trespass and drug use on the property ; organized road hockey and tennis games in the commons area .
in return i received false allegations of my dog being off leash ; no proof of this occurring despite being fined for this occurring ; and when i offered to run for the board position that opened up in 2016 i received silence , literally silence .
corruption and bullying is rampant in the condos of ontario .
read more and join the condo association of ontario coa .
# mtcc1177 are bullies and they use 360 as their whip .
sad
hello erry1 is this truly free or nah testing please ignore trump drump hillary email server fuck nigger cunt shit alex jones swastika white power hitler edit lovable
@cernovich still not sure .
trump warned russia that he was gon na do it , so it 's most likely calculated .
we 'll just have to wait and see .
some day allah and ram together will wipe of these guys off the face of earth .
and thereafter .
not only these guys .
their godfathers as well .
@911corlebra777 @thespybrief @louisemensch @jamesfourm @ericgarland maybe he ca n't spell the word so let 's call him a russian thug with lots of money and extremely dubious friends
@iamdripjones @excusemyspeech _ 😂 😂 😂 nigga said she was forced lmaooo
the folks that elected trump care much more about being white than being americans .
the gop is just a white identity party in the 21st century .
they do n't want equality , they want superiority and they want it given to them for free , like back in the 1950 's .
fortunately , they are the only demographic in america that is dying younger .
they love their drugs , alcohol , and guns in rural america .
shy nd geeky or mean and ghetto
and yet there are still conservative senators , but no liberal senators .
8 years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems , when whity is gone , who will the idiots blame !
royalties are not severance taxes .
try again .
right on .
what they need to do is get the general fund managers to create a budget .
if they can turn $ 200k into billions , i trust their budgeting ability .
unlike the state whom continues to buy porta - pottys for $ 50k and think they treat alaska like a strip joint by making it rain our money .
no one said to ignore them - when they are out in public speaking those lies .
by all means if they are publishing hate , publish truth .
if they are publicly speaking lies , speak truth and challenge what they say .
however , when they are not behaving so they have a right to private lives and quiet gatherings , which is what happened .
as for " scientifically proven history " i do n't know what that means .
there is truth ( as best as we can know it ) in history , and then there are lies .
science has nothing to do with this .
as for banning people from libraries , how many tens of millions might still be alive today were karl marx banned from the british library ?
( i would not have banned him , but it is a slippery slope once you apply political tests to participation at libraries . )
you ca n't protect the impressionable by censorship .
they need to hear those false words , the critique of those words , and the truth , and make their own decisions .
have faith - few take that dark path .
rt @theafricansiren : automatically suspicious of white folk who try too hard to show they like us darkies .
it 's really important that semi loads of fresh halibut or salmon sit for a full day in traffic so a couple of lawyers can get rich fighting a law suit .
layla4 , you seems to be unaware that neo - nazis are indeed targeting not only jews , but blacks , and muslims as well .
and gays .
and latinos .
and arabs .
and liberals .
and , and , and ... 

 is this seeming lack of awareness accidental , intentional , or merely feigned for rhetorical purposes ?
in fact , they 're targeting so many other communities and political persuasions that i 'd hit the 1000 character limit long before the list was complete .
do n't try to kellyanne your way out of this .
it wo n't work .
i fucking hate wifi
you 're right about it not ending well .
hillary got a new haircut and is raising funds for her kick at the can in 2020 .
omar is a piece of garbage .
she 's the biggest racist i can think of and a threat and embarassment to america .
i would like nothing more than to see her ejected from this country that she despises so much .
these atlanta men ruthless as hell .
" gimme yo number "   damn hello , how are you my nigga ?
🥴 😒
as trump is demonizing opponents of color & want to send them back , we should expose , fight and defeat his fascist tactics , since ignoring it or appeasing it will have disastrous consequences .
we should heed the advice of the holocaust survivor : url
i should mention quinn 's predecessors as illinois governors , george ryan and rod blagojevich .
before becoming governor , ryan had been secretary of state , in charge of ( among other things ) the department of motor vehicles .
in 1994 , a baptist minister from chicago was driving with his wife and their six children .
their van was rear - ended by a semi and the children were killed .
the truck driver had a valid illinois license , but could only speak spanish .
this was odd because the written test to get an illinois truck driver 's license is only given in english .
so how did the man get his license ?
it was quickly discovered that examiners in the dmv were accepting bribes in exchange for giving licenses to unqualified drivers .
what infuriated people was that the dmv examiners were expected to contribute very generously to ryan 's political war chest -- up to 10 % of their salaries .
so they took the bribes largely to make the forced contributions to ryan .
ryan wound up in a federal pen .
no they actually do nt because like every other race besides the white race they are not scared to have an identity and unify under their race also honesty the inner city ghetto blacks constantly committing crime and murdering people is a bit more of a problem than the blm faggots
craigslist 
 has anyone ever used craigslist for casual encounters and if so what was your experience ?
lol fuxking snow nigger i love it keep going
without separating kids and with zero deaths fucking idiot
gas them poor white trash anyway
holy crap , now ocrazio is accusing pelosi of racism .
pelosi brought it upon herself , just like the women wanting equality and they get it in the form of transgender boys jumping into their sports .
they asked for equality they got it .
it ’ bad enough the caucasians shade me for my name but my own ppl be mocking me the spelling is different 😡
oh i agree .
just think of the new deal .
or even jackson 's relationship with congress .
the normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded . #
normalnarwhal # nocturnalnarwhal
why ca n't this sub accept that overly ethnic features are a death sentence 
 if you deviate too far from the average white person in terms of facial features it is over .
i m proud .
i am lgbtq+ its hard but worth it
well that mudshark whore in the middle is used to taking jamie foxx ghetto schlong in her not that surprising
yeah , in 2002 .
fifteen years ago .
how often does this crap happen where you are ?
this stuff is n't even shocking to you anymore .
god bless your guns and may your american exceptionalism make you stay where you are .
the rest of the world is better off .
your patriotism is a farce used to control " y' all . "
turning and turning in the widening gyre 
     the falcon can not hear the falconer ; 
     things fall apart ; the centre can not hold ; 
     mere anarchy is loosed upon the world , 
     the blood - dimmed tide is loosed , and everywhere 
     the ceremony of innocence is drowned ; 
     the best lack all conviction , while the worst 
     are full of passionate intensity .
~yeats , the second coming
bbc journalist is it really a crime if < number > or < number > pakistani moslem men have sex at the same time with a young white british child whose been drugged the girl parents might have voted for brexit
< user > < user > that india one day ll be a muslim country again and muslims ll occupy india and yes we ll give rights to minorities do not worry we ll make india as a muslim country one day
white nations for white people want a future deport jews with the arabs
@charlesmblow can we stop with the race baiting .
this is not a race problem it is a society problem .
we have mass shootings , we have drive by shootings , we have gang shootings .
all of this is a problem .
what we need is parents start being parents and stop with it 's a race problem .
niggas talk to < number > bitches find out you text somebody else amp all of a sudden you a hoe amp he hate you 😂
a white parisian enjoying the cultural enrichment of france islamic guests
1 0 yrs < number > white women raped by niggers < number > negress raped by a cracker source fbi crime stats wake up rise up
what did scooby doo really teach us about white people ?
once you unmask the villain , it 's usually an old , white man trying to steal everyone 's land or money .
chun li from street fighter is such a bad bitch
> mabie all the faggot cock he took streched his asshole out hey op stop making fun of me
agreed._the_government_cannot_force_abortion_on_the_child_or_mother .
< user > “ bitches doing blackface ”
i take ballet classes ( among others ) in uni .
i 'd hardly consider myself a dancer , though , as i 've barely been studying dance for two years .
it 's actually really difficult for me especially in modern dance class .
we have to do a whole lot of really touchy exercises , and i just feel so guilty like , " these girls would be so uncomfortable if they knew i was gay . "
i feel like i 'm violating their trust bcos internalized homophobia :( much luck to you in your ballet career .
i am so full of admiration .
dancers are so beautiful and graceful regardless of sexuality .
.@england another @england youth international @sam_shash is rested on the bench this morning after returning from international duty .
so sad .
let 's just take one example : the woman holding the sign about reproductive rights .
i sincerely doubt that trump will take away your reproductive rights , but your rights do not include my tax dollars paying for it !
amazing .
so the analysts are now concerned that investors recognized that $ 20 oil was not sustainable just as $ 200 oil was not sustainable a number of years ago .
perhaps it is time for the masses to realize that $ 100 oil is sustainable and is where we should be .
march 3rd eia data showed crude inventory up   8 mmbbls   and petroleum product inventory down 9 mmbbls .
typical seasonal refinery maintenance shutdown situation .
none of the market analysts / journalists / academics picked up on it ! ! !
the hft boys made billions of $ as a result of the price volatility orchestrated by the media etal intentionally ignoring the ppi drawdown .
the banks owning the hfts are apparently intentionally creating fake news to generate unwarranted price volatility .
where are our watchdog agencies when we need them ?
they are already being enforced - his target deportation numbers are very close to what obama achieved
what do you call a white guy and his cousin ?
a nice couple .
once we eliminate , wipe out white people , there would n't be any more this racist bullshit . #
antifa
wow .... agenda of this article of racial divide is definitely working ... reading comments here with " these cultures " and " those immigrants " " used to be white" ... you all are not native to this land .. so stop whining and educate yourself about history , economics of immigration , how voting system works , different levels of government and so on .. or move to us ... white uneducated supremacy rules there
it 's about that time .. to decapitate my disgusting cock and finally be a man free of sin
this really has nothing to do with feminism , it 's just being a bitch .
you 'll be perpetually confused about what exactly feminism is as an ideology if you assign every possible form of female bitchitude to it .
clearly bull !
perhaps the last nail in this states coffin .
that s what she get for merrying a lowlife dirtbag edomite trash ..... lost is justice for stabbing her black community in the back ...... just like tiger woods oj simpson charles black trash barkley and the rest of those who merry white trash women and nasty white kkk and nazi men ..... i have no feelings to what happens to you for merrying outside your race ..... and ill do the same if my son or daughters do the disgusting white thing .... i teach mines to stay with your own rather its black latnios or native americans .... negro must stay with in the the tribes .... not easu the devil ....
this is for rachel , you big fat white nasty smellin fat bitch
i wager that dems wo n't even win the house or the senate !
lol like give it a rest ! !
correct about abusing my tax money .
i work hard for my money not to go towards a killer con .
trudeau will be a one term prime minister .
like this post or i ’ll snap the neck of every white child because black lives matter
they have no water no food but breed exponentially the human race is fucking retarded world water day
i love japanese architecture , too .
the white men ca nt keep their pants up they are screwing the blacks asians hispanics jews do nt guide your sex dealings
that awkward moment when carl palidinos son is talking to you at mtk and you want to tell him you fucking hate your dad but you ca n't
mr. farkel thinks whites are too stupid to be doctors and if we had an all white society we would have no doctors and no one to pull our teeth out .
mensrights sub is likely to be banned , eventually ...
i cried tears in my cup of hennessy for these fucked up memories
if you become a cop , you get to kill people and get a government pension .
the dead do n't even have to be guilty of anything .
you get a vacation with pay for every murder you commit .
government work is great .
you only have to work 20 years before you can retire .
the union will defend you as long as you do n't kill another cop .
you might lose your job if you kill a white man with money .
but never fear .
you can go to another town and become a cop again .
the cops that do this are called " gypsy cops " .
there is no national data base for bad cops .
many departments do n't do good background checks if the hire has any experience .
unlike fire fighters , cops do n't have to keep the physical fitness that they had when they are hired .
it is okay to be a fat cop .
you might even get free donuts .
it is good to be a cop in the usa .
beside the fact that it is unlawful to disobey a leo 's orders , it can result in bodily harm .
we had one of the lowest electricity rates and now , over 12 or so short years , we have one of the highest .
coincidence ?
i think not .
regarding atf involvement , capt .
david jenkins said , “ it ’s a collaboration that is not uncommon at all with any fire investigation . ”
i know for a fact that is patently untrue , even when a death is the result due to a fire .
perhaps it 's true if three deaths are the result , but my suspicion is that somebody is on a fishing expedition .
no , no , this proves all hate crimes are hoaxes .
soon they 'll show you the list of 300 + hate crime hoaxes that use sites like the daily caller as sources and ignore fbi data that refutes their argument .
@franklin_graham obviously your prayers are not working .
god told me it 's because you 're full of crap .
you don ’ t never fuck yo niggas bitch n you don ’ t never sneak around him
do n't none of you worthless assholes disturb me today ..
if you carried a torch with those nazis , if you marched alongside them as they chanted " jews will not replace us " and " blood and soil " you are not a " very fine person " , you are , at best , a nazi sympathizer .
at worst , you are a nazi .
if you stood and chanted with men and women who wore hoods emblazoned with confederate flags you are a kkk sympathizer .
if you stand up for these people 's good intentions and walk in solidarity with their " defense of cultural heritage " you are at least a fellow traveler in white supremacy , more likely a white supremacist yourself .
nobody marching with that crowd is a decent person , nobody .
and they all had a hand on the steering wheel , as did trump and his entire group of supporters , every one .
cold part is la about to react to nip death with violence and he wouldn ’ t even want that
build a new one and make it a vocational school .
send the other students to the other high schools .
< user > thanks pookynana i appreciate your company too your posts are rockin good and you have been kind to me since i began on gab do not misunderstand though i seen you bring ghetto damn girl to the table and that s part of your awesome
a boy is a girl now
the room 
 is pretty much about johnny getting betbuxxed / inceled .
i mean you 're white , you really have nothing to complain about .
rapists : * rape people * y' all : 😶 3 % of rape accusations : * are false * y' all : this bitch should be in jail for the next 45 years , she 'll be scrubbing floors the rest of her life , then we 're gon na stone her to death in the town square , and spit on her grave every day until we die
grown men and women believing in fairy tales .
ha !
the law also allowed for slavery for over a hundred years .
what law do you want to follow - man 's or god 's ?
i guess not everyone on this site is concerned about the christian context .
ugh feminists
catherine the only place to get white kids is from white women and the only way to overcome the invasion is white kids
mr keillor 
 i really take exception to your term ' boy president ' .
our 45th president is far from a boy ...... i'd say his maturity level is that of a toddler at best .
a failed government which puts immigrants 1 st and it own tax payers last welcome to australia in < number > ausfam auspol ausfam auspol ausfam auspol australia
nigga just had them crackers on a chase .
i do n't think you need to stop caring entirely .
it * is * an issue .
just because some people like it and consent to it still does n't detract from the fact that sex between women is indeed fetishised heavily by non - hetero men .
america 's skilled trades dilemma : shortages loom as most - in - demand group of workers ages # babyboomers via @forbes https://t.co/uxf2kkorsq
i am going to skip the joker movie i think i just do not think i have the capacity to take on that level of white male dark violence crap in < number >
the gym seems just as shitty as the mentally ill white guy .
who let 's their students start beating someone after the bell then chase them around the gym throwing kicks .
also choking him out while they yell to let go ... shame
i am so happy my 2 sons are straight .
i just do n't understand how one man can love another enough to have him as a life partner .
i have been married to my wife for 26 yrs and have 3 great straight kids .
should be a new wing to this movement giving back to disenfranchised whites helping the vets old young community planting trees its non confrontational and men women can participate also does not give lefties something to target winning hearts and minds is the key to all of this
devon nunes in the house has been a real hero the last year .
black lives matter is a pile of garbage that is reportedly saying its members feel unsafe around cops and so the cops have to go way .
apparently the irony is lost on them , that what they are reportedly saying towards cops is historically what white folks were saying about black folks in the southern states ... 

 ... do n't feel safe around you , you have to go away .
so much for inclusion .
black lives matter is comparable to the klan .
no , friend .
i believe you 're less situationally - aware than i am .
less cognizant of the grim spectre we all face , in varying degrees , whether you are rich or poor , white or black , cisgender or transgender , sociopathic or empathic , politically deluded or cognizant .
not knowing just makes you another passenger on a ship of fools bound for their destination and destiny of despair .
yep they have become the party representing muslims blacks asians queers and any other undesirable element in our society not the working man they have taken this once great country well and truly down the toilet sorry to say but it has become a shit hole
please , your response is simply stupid .
the kkk has always been right - wing .
when the democratic party of the late 19th and early 20th centuries was most racist it was a right - wing party .
the early republican party was left - wing -- the anti - slavery party of lincoln .
pro - slavery was establishment and therefore , right - wing .
anti - slavery was anti - establishment and therefore , if a political tendency must be chosen it would be more left - wing .
the u.s. nazi party was right - wing .
george lincoln rockwell 's anp was founded in 1960 on the ideas adolf hitler espoused .
fdr disdained nazism while henry ford who rain for the gop nomination in 1924 and was a nazi - sympathizer like charles lindbergh .
the reality is that poor people -- and blacks are over represented in this category due to racism -- are both the most victimized as well as the biggest perpetrators of crime .
white collar crime costs $ 300-$600 billion per year .
wealthy white people commit the majority of those costly crimes .
@realdonaldtrump " send her back " ?
a u.s. citizen ?
just because she wo n't kiss your fat bloated orange ass ?
f**k you , your thugs , and your crime family .
go back to hell where you came from , you lousy fascist criminal traitor white nationalist sex predator incompetent bastard !
url
< user > < user > is using his white male privilege racist patriarchy to attack an innocent young black african american male for shame
hello itik , what an appropriate name you have .
in any case , i know you are not native .
but this one is for you and all the rest of the high and mighty liars .
from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author who is also a white woman .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
that what my old man did he was one of those assholes that liked to fight lol knowing how to fight may not save you from a gun or nigger pack attack but it let us you go thru school without worrying about being sum1 bitch
my mom always complaining , how you always mad for the stuff you 're supposed to do ?
i did n't ask to be born .
sent them niggas back running bruh
love how leftist feminists take our lingo and try and use it in a sentence you suck at this and probably bj too it why you went full carpet muncher bet you would have loved this dyke to be president
no , lets stay scattered across the earth and try to change every racially unaware white across the earth ...
< user > you mean illegal immigrants
what do you call a white man with a large dick ?
asleep , because that motherfucker is dreaming .
i 'd bet my life savings you suck heaps of cock but always deny it .
go fuck your mother you racist piece of shit .
i 'm gon na stick my big black cock in your mouth .
you want summa this bull seed down your throat ?
take this black kings cum you crackkka ass amerikkkan .
anyone else read some posts and start to understand why there are shoes with velcro fastener for adults .
they keep talking about boys yet they do n't even say no homo smh my head
< user > < user > self defense your shit the police officials in white shirt sitting in their air con office are the one to blame they trained up the police to dehumanize hk citizens they allowed the police to ignore the police general orders and use excessive violence to get things done
just another form of corporate welfare when public money is used to train workers for selected private enterprise .
.
let those businesses pay to train the workers they want , 

 … the government is n't training everyone 's workers , 

 … just those of the select moneyed corporate interests .
.
think pay to play is n't at work here ?
.
corporate welfare programs are what emptied our treasury .
it 's time to stop shoring up selected private profits with public money .
.
( .. and that perennial grifter bill popp rearranging the deck chairs is only carrying on his traditional hustle of living off the taxpayers dime .
cut funding from a voc / tech school and complain about no community colleges , all of which ignores ua schools located throughout the state .
sure , bypass existing infrastructure and propose re - inventing the wheel just to narrow the field to represent selected private interests .
that 's not public policy , that 's inept and incompetent corporate welfare . )
kinda disappointing to see < user > censoring rocketman major scenes being cut down and edited to avoid showing anything too gay
< user > i ’ m sorry i don ’ t dress like a ghetto hood rat like you
noel - you have certainly created a " fake news " story by suggesting , " the trump election campaign ’s attacks on immigrants , muslims , racial minorities and others have aided the rise of an aggressive , violent white nationalism that seeks to roll back the rights of our minorities of color and assert white domination . "
stop drinking the kool aid and see for yourself that this is not true .
i am never surprised at what the sa will actually publish , hate speech , gossip , and lies .
this may be more like a democratic tabloid than a newspaper .
he was a jew doing a jews job getting whites to kill each other
i think the dude in the " attention homos " shirt , needs to be born again so he can be bathed for the 2nd time in his life ... those legs tho ..
there 's nothing ' personal ' about a blog post ; its a blog on the internet for people to read .
duh .
yes its old , but its full of foolish stereotypes and clearly hurst was in no danger other than damaging his reputation by making his fear of a brown planet public .
it was ' rumored ' to have a high rate of non - violent crime ?
he did n't even actually know , just assumed from the mumblings of his majority white friend base .
there is no defending his idiotic rantings , he 's just neurotic and has never extended himself beyond posting things on the internet he should probably keep to himself .
i am glad that there a division of labor with regard to strategy and tactics in the pro white movement because there d be no future for white people without it
like basically fuck what you said about how you feel my white ass with zero context of who you really are will tell you how you feel
so when do we start killing straight white men ?
amiright ?
< user > < user > there are literally nazis all over all the time rigjt now throw a rock you hit a nazi
tear it down .
death to mega white trash assholes !
i 'm old , white , and wealthy .
i 'll continue to work against the white nazi trash everywhere !
yeah , i m seeing the offensive lineman as the rarest of beasts .
good idea to protest around the big event .
i might erect a larger than life toilet on the hill and flush monopoly money down it , in protest of justin 's spending problem .
help me to understand the men on this sub .
what evil people do mostly repugs !
if you remember there was a gay flag wielder at the lee rigby march well i just got back from a gun control march this is the real reason they hated me
the new neo - nazi president of the us donald trump just swore in his new neo - nazi top staff , all white , all kkk , and all white power nationalists .
looks like asians have more balls than us gutless white people .
imma build a wall and put all you racist white thrash in there and put some gasoline and burn all you freaks down including your orange fat pig president and watch all you burn to the freaken ground and that s how you make america great again !
do i take summer classes ? & #
129300 ; is an idiot ✔ ️ hates herself ✔ ️ looks like this operation is a go folks
why did the husband get an erection after killing his wife ?
because the kids were watching
" @heroineb0b @macdavid " " it means your are about to get lit up on mp fridays " " there , fixed it for you & # 128521 ; "
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
hey yankees can you please stop to associate flamenco with arabs to associate rumba with black music to associate pre colombians with latinos to pretend that africa is in orient to pretend that you are pioneers when you are colons thanks
the heavy water plant in glace bay was his project .
the story goes that he was told canada had enough heavy water to last for decades , thus the heavy water plant was no longer needed .
he asked whether heavy water goes bad with time ?
nope , it 'll keep was the reply .
alan j. said - build a warehouse !
i 'll miss him .
his death should have a higher profile in the globe .
decided to give tinder a try again 
 as i lay waiting for a match ( that probably wo n't happen ) all that comes to mind is all the tinder experiments of good looking chads getting thousands of matches 

 why did i have to be ugly
there a lot of marriages in ghana in which women suffer from domestic violence .
some husbands no longer love and cherish their wives after a while .
my next single is a campaign against domestic violence   # letmego # 2ndaugust   # saanamey3no url
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
what so we 're supposed to tolerate intolerance now ?
and this is the thanks the bitch gives
not a problem even though i know she a mudshark i still adore her
seeing brown people in cages is like pornography for evangelicals .
every where i 've gone today , i have seriously looked for something or someone that could trigger me to insane violence against someone or some group 

 something or someone that would make me just flip totally out of my mind with rage , leaving nothing but bloody bits or broken pieces 

 found nothing
angela seems to do these moves so effortlessly .
kudos to her and her team .
congratulations !
but i do remember the time two white boys raped murdered my niece then torched her body then bragged about it on facebook does that count oh but she was white too so perhaps not
trump is gravely wrong this time .
nazi , racism , white supremacy is wrong ; there is only one side and no ' both sides ' .
schatz and hirono just used this opportunity to jump on the bandwagon trying to score some political points .
that 's why we called them politicians .
why ca n't this sub accept that overly ethnic features are a death sentence 
 if you deviate too far from the average white person in terms of facial features it is over .
giving your own post an up - vote is so lame meggsy .
so very , very lame ...
what do you expect , 
 donald denounced " all " racists and haters 
 donald being pressured to be pc specifically denounced white racist and not the black racist and haters of free speech !
donald should have stuck to his guns grouping all racist and haters !
that uses violence .
< user > as long as it valid truthful no woman really cares i have seen mgtow men claim men are abused more than women they are raped more than women some mgtow are very kind people who have been able to find a great community behind them others are incels who hate women
congratulations to my friend , mr. @borisjohnson , who has been named the new prime minister of the uk .
i fully align with your political views ( with the one exception being that i am against the lgbtq movement ) and i believe the uk us in the best hands with you as pm # renosnuggets url
so far , anyway .
there are millions of people who do that these days ; that is , carry a cocked and loaded pistol around .
it 's far safer to carry a semiauto unloaded , and if both hands are free , you can load and cock it when you pull it out of the holster .
people who carry cocked and loaded are a hazard to the rest of us .
it 's very irresponsible .
white supremacist ?
you are exactly what is wrong with this country sir or ma'am
white guy it a witch hunt white guy they are a lynch mob white guy in that country they throw faggots off of rooftops
the emma lazarus poem was written as part of the public campaign to raise money for the base of the statue .
for trump 's white supremacist fascist wanna - be to disparage the poem on the grounds that it 's irrelevant is simply ludicrous .
what 's the scariest thing about a white man in prison ?
you know he actually did it .
well i do not agree with dinesh trump or anyone really d however the right is indeed more populist right now while left establishment is getting too greedy and using virtue signaling to undermine those and others they claim to support ghetto pimping
what   does it   matter where   he   is ?
some   spineless   liberal   let   him   live .
basirhat mp nusrat jahan stood beside the mu$lim community after the sandeshkhali clashes .
shameless hindu tmc leader of basirhat , dibendu biswas is enjoying the moment with her at bashirhat sadar hospital .
did n't the hindus vote for you nusrat jahan ? #
knowyourenemies 🤔 url
minimum wage defenders are the real racists minimum wages were first designed to keep women and minorities out of jobs < url >
i 've just realized that indians are an hybrid of white people and black people they are smart like a white man , work like a black man and they have brown skin like a mix of races
@msnbc less chant - lock her up - send her back - the final solution will be open the gas chambers - next chant will be gas them all - gas them all - gas them all .
america for whites only .
sounds like the the brown shirt of hitler 's nazi germany
my city just got blown thru by some tornadoes a couple months ago .
i almost regret trying to help white people clean up right about now .
it 's always the fucking whites who be commiting the worst type of crimes ... but us mexicans are the problem url
made a mistake , i have .
angry with me , allah is .
that cunt deserve a good hard fuck
most ?
citation needed .
my arab muslim pals hate that shit and call people in niqabs ' ninjas ' .
not all muslims fw that bullshit .
arrogance and rudeness is raising its ugly head on the liberal side of the hoc duly noted .
these hoes for errbodyy
yeah but white men are the worst .
she said it was her bisexual dream come true .
and i 'm honored to be her dream come true !
oh dear , full on white genocide right there .
lol .
thanks for that laugh .
look , man , trump has almost no chance .
he 's done .
you have to know this by now .
i 've never seen polls that point to such a tremendous ( bigly , hyuuuuge ) loss he 's about to experience .
but i 'm perfectly content to wait a few more weeks and then see what you have to say on nov. 9 .
beta cuck n someone who afraid to stick up for the women in their tribe out of fear of being called a white knight a beta orbiter or some other meaningless slur
naturally immigrants tend to be stronger than guys born in america
< user > < user > if she d killed a white person she would have been fried by now
speaking of that a lot great tracks and hits have n't been made into music video 's over the years and it 's a shame because some great hits should been into music videos while some should n't
u / sinarious is a normie infiltrator troll , looking to get screenies of sperging out incels by posting triggering bullshit 
 out
true acne vulgaris in adult women may be due pregnancy or disorders such as polycystic ovary syndrome hirsutism or cushing syndrome
not even close 
 how many lynchings have they performed ?
exactly .
none .
" while white people have the option of ignoring the hateful , odious views of white supremacists , people of colour face the consequences of our wilful ignorance : violence and terror . "
this reminds of martin niemöller 's   poem .
i said some 20 years ago now that it was time white people started talking about racism b / c frankly black / brown people were tired of talking about it .
cbc 's cross - country host posed   a really interesting question today , ' why do nt white people talk to their children about race ' ?
its a question we all need to ponder .
on being uncomfortable , i read an apposite comment somewhere recently - ' the harm done to white feelings are not equal to the harm done to black bodies .
help or get out of the way ' .
more food for thoughtful thought ... not kneejerk reactions and whataboutisms .
< number > minutes ago cnn posted the inflammatory line peace through violence and that antifa counters white supremacists and nazis
for the sake of your office neighbors i hope you were wearing a spit mask when you wrote this .
thanks for writing the 300th article attacking donald trump , all of them indistinguishable from the others .
why not write an editorial about the defense minister that made up his life story ?
that 's what you 're supposed to be doing .
that would be your job anyplace else in the world .
if i were in charge of congress i would immediately start impeachment proceedings against : 
 
 judge derrick k. watson ( u.s. district court - hawaii ) 
 judge theodore d. chuang ( u.s. district court , maryland ) 
 ( both appointed by obama ) 

 as well as most on the 9th circuit court of appeals .

what 's the difference between brussels city and brussels sprouts ?
one needs to be destroyed , the other needed to be destroyed .
black americans are individuals .
we think and feel like our very different selves .
we are not monolithic .
not tryin to insult , but your statement make you seem like a person who is very ignorant about other races of ppl .
white ppl are different from one to the next , because they 're individuals with their own individual minds .
let you in on a secret , blk ppl are exactly the same .
the   stench of the left wing nut is coming to an end , not just in the usa but globally .
the un is a joke comprised of globalist loving 3rd world dictatorships .
israel is the only   true democracy in the middle east and is surrounded   by those who wish to end their existence regardless of their actions .
so yes jimbo , grab your tambourine and find yourself nice retread pot circle full of dictator loving marxist .
the rest of us will live in reality .
you 've obviously missed the point : clark has started a war .
ther would be no # if clark had n't lied about the encounter and gotten her cohorts to do the same .
we 're being brigades again - nearly 900 normtroopers have appeared 
 maybe if you tell us to shower and get a hair cut again , our facial structure will fundamentally change and i 'll gain 8 " of height
describe how you look 
 5'5 " 

 97 lbs 

 blue eyes 

 droopy left eye 

 my dark eye circles have dark eye circles 

 both eyes are always bloodshot 

 full lips and also slanted 

 nose looks weird in the middle 

 shaved head 

 straight eyebrows 

 pale as fuck 

 massive forehead 

 acne scars 

 decent jawline but not quite chad tier 

 okay chin 

 ca n't grow any facial hair 

 almost no body hair
white mass murders ca n't be ignored or glossed over .
as far as your fbi stats goes let 's just be real the prison industry in america is huge so if you want to keep your jobs and keep creating jobs for your kids then you must keep a certain population in the dark and keep crime going .
those numbers make people like you feel like incarcerating and killing blacks is okay .
but like i said you are the product of people who hung ,   hunted , and hated blacks so why would you care .
you just show up to hate .
ai n't no room for a sometime ass nigga
racism was invented by communist jews the term the concept those same communist jews murdered tens of millions of racists yet whites run around scared of being called racist resolved whites are a race of cowards that is what the evidence says
< user > < user > hahaha jihadi jack and omar khadr sure know this
what do you call a white person addicted on crack ?
a doublecracker .
insinuating that i am the retard whilst claiming to be in the alt right whilst shilling for jews and faggots nice whole new levels of retard have been achieved with this one
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
q how many books were written in africa before white and arabs showed up a none they had never developed a written language black men < number > of the population < number > of the murders wake up they are hunting white women it is not racist it is realist gabfam red pill maga trump
in < number > kenyans only wore skins covering their private parts young people walked naked but there were no cases of sexual harassment what happening to africa gender forum
well , when you only read adn , huffpo , wapo , and watch cnn ,   all you think are coming over from these countries are defenseless women and children !
so i 've been awake since 2:30 a.m bec where i live the uk is 5 hours ahead and i was n't going to miss @harry_styles on @bbcr1
@darksnowyfox done .
hope you find it useful .
i 'm a lil optimistic about him .
sure there is some cherrypicking on that video , and there will be language barrier , not to mention serie a is not an easy league .
but i kinda like how organised his shaktar when they played against us .
so peoples .............. either work harder and smarter to earn those sheckles to pay uncle sam or time to pickup your torches and pitchforks and say " enough is enough " .
lucky we live hawaii ? (
if you can afford it ) .
the fraud squad is a laughing stock bunch of whinny , screeching , commie , hissies !
they are all , most probably , a bunch of lesbians who hate men ... especially white republican men !
it 's funny how girls always talk about how they want a good guy and men " ai n't shit " well darlin if you would n't post slutty stuff all the time about getting dicked down or wanting dick then you could probably attract a decent dude ☕ ️ 🐸
what did trump say in relation to this story ?
you will not be discriminated against unless you are white , male , christian and straight .
if you are one of these you will be treated as a lunatic .
two or more , you better learn to fok yourself .
no war ?
you eurotrash have brought us into two world wars .
the scumbag french got us into vietnam .
if it was n't for the united states , you ugly shits would all be speaking german or russian .
elizabeth warren .... hahahaha .
these leftist women are so funny .
they think they belong in politics ... lol
what kind of bs statement is that .
what , because are are gay we are all sociopaths ?
you 're either trolling or your life has been fucked by so many bad people and now you project it on everyone
y' all really some hoes 😂
@sallyqyates we 'll tell them that your gang built the f'ing cages your bitching about now and encouraged illegals to flood the border .
hopefully we 'll be able to tell them that your gang was charged for all it 's crimes .
so this is the 1st time since moving to atx that there 's an opportunity & amp ; safe route to take to work on my bicycle .
it 's p exciting actually
you do n't give one shit you fucking parasitic protozoa .
hell awaits your old , white ass .
or senator robert byrd ... also a long term clansman who   despite being the only senator to vote against both african american u.s. supreme court nominees ( liberal thurgood marshall and conservative clarence thomas ) and filibustering the civil rights act of 1964 , byrd later said joining the klan was his " greatest mistake . "
the naacp gave him a 100 % rating on their issues during the 108th congress .
however , in a 2001 incident byrd repeatedly used the phrase " white niggers " on a national television broadcast .
so long suckers deport them all along with the mexican loveing democrats .
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
< user > actually white people are dating back to < number > shit probably even before that you all feel so entitled to everything when you all literally just bring disease and attitude with you everywhere you do white people have been annoying since the beginning of time
did he mock her weight ?
i suspect he did , but too a very small degree , he did not call her a any of the animal names etc .
he did say it with some sarcasm i admit , but was there a disparaging cruel intention , i do n't know .
you would not give them a chance to repent ?
but then again , all i am saying .... is give trump a chance .
this fat nasty punk is the worse .. the gays do n't even fw u saweetie !
meg was a young teen , and since has apologized for her words and has a team of gays .. but belcalis was grown when she wanted to set up trans women to get murdered but u wanna ride for her .
choke on a dick .
url
put some signs up at the airport to warn people from normal states where we only worry about gang violence killing us
i remember another time the fucktards got their panties in a twist about a white baby pic
if canada plays its cards right it can stick the pope with the whole thing and have this black mark become a grey spot with enough wiggle room to absolve itself .
in fact this is a maneuver very similar to the way responsibility for afghans being tortured 
 was denied in the detainee scandal .
why is such a delicate subject being discussed by canada in the media first ?
it 's as if his holiness is being painted into a corner by a politician .
and what are the legal and financial considerations that trudeau is in effect forcing on the pope ?
if this happened in canada then canada gave the schools its blessings by not acting .
you can apologize all you want at home but residence schools are little known outside of canada .
this could backfire on the politicians if it became something reported in the international media .
canada 's survival skill is to not draw attention to itself .
dumb move .
what ?
they do not want a liar , racist somali pirate !
in the < number > < number > police hated pakis as we all did but it was the police who saw the results of pakis who battered and raped wives and daughters and prostituted them police thought any white girl with a paki was scum and deserved all she got
how does chess relate to people in real life ?
whites always come first
thought a lot about this .
successful suicide can only be " too early " .
if not " too early " it can only be " too late " , that is , not committed , leaving a man in the untrustworthy hands of the state and medical guild .
there are warehouses full of former people desperately in need of a progressive morphine drip .
" but what good is livin ' when young girls ai n't givin ' ? "
it 's a good question 
 send us out on an ice flow with a mouthful of flowers when we ca n't remember our poems , let us die with enough mentality for the laser light show and the tunnel as the files are shutting down .
i hate oatmeal , save it for the new people .
charles dalton is a flaming racist who hates white people with his entire being .
why are you coddling and protecting that ?
and african americans do n't like to be equated with rump rangers .
ask them .
if incels ca n't get women because of their ( ( ( personality ) ) ) then why can they successfully catfish ?
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > just go and save your minorities which is converted by your islamic jihadis on daily basis recently a christian girl in pakistan gand raped by islamic jihadis later she forcely converted in islam
might want to have someone check the barometer .
self reports are notoriously inaccurate .
i just wanted validation 
 so a drove to a garage and got my parking validated .
< number > black people placed in world strongest man in < number > in fact the top < number > in every wsm event is strictly european white no hispanics or blacks or asians lol u mad
2 people that i know of transitioned after hs and a ton of us turned out lgb- so a little education would nt hurt .
i ca n't locate it right now , but someone had posted here in the past couple of weeks with a quote from pierre trudeau about how a just society should not have two sets of rules .
so this is the 1st time since moving to atx that there 's an opportunity & amp ; safe route to take to work on my bicycle .
it 's p exciting actually
eww a mudshark with a niglet
netanyahu and putin hold a meeting after israel invaded syria netanyahu let me kill all the arabs putin no
oh yeah it 's because they study so hard and their family 's value education ect ect ......
mckenna is a stupid rich white woman who has never held a real job in her life .
her daddy was a rich man , and catherine never had to actually struggle in life , so she went to third world holes to play the ' white savior ' .
after doing that for a few years and building up her ' social justice ' credentials she decided to cash in and got jobs in the government , and has been living the high life ever since .
flying around the world as an empowered rich white woman lecturing the " stupid plebs " on how to live , and what to think and why they should make sacrifices for the ' greater good ' before flying first class to her next " important event " where she will cut a ribbon , or schmooze with business types sipping $ 200 champagne .
actually i am hoping in the future for a white asian alliance to restore demographic homogeneity in both white and asian communities i think the asians are racist enough to convince of our ideas
neo - conservatism resurrecting and revealing the true nature of the republican terrorist party in all of its forms , nationally and locally .
the republican national nominating system offered a group of white men competing to represent the values of old south christian fundamentalism in all of its racist , bigoted , misogynist evils .
each trying to cater to the white supremacists and religious patriarchy idolators still infecting the nation since the civil war and segregation eras .
the trump " winning " despite the worst female hatred ever seen in a candidate released the hounds of racist bigotry , coupled with corporate media slavering , salacious broadcasting , to make it all acceptable not only in private , but throughout the public discourse .
every insane white supremacist idiocy joined with religious anti - human dogma became acceptable .
now , the ultimate alaskan purveyor of it all is elected and allowed to fill the media and government with traitorous actions and language .
disgusting .
kill trump and whites
great news !
we can deport our best and brightest in order to make room for european models willing to marry old , fat white guys .
the wind today is blowing much harder than it did any of the days i was in el paso , including the stupid turbulence - y flight in .
the globe does n't mention bernie sanders , period .
as for his wife , she does not occupy an office in the white house .
nor is the investigation into her actions related to treasonous behaviour with a foreign power and/or actions to undermine the democratic process .
but do desperately cling onto that orange in the event the issue changes from apples to oranges .
worcester train 527 ( 6:20pm from s station ) departed s station & amp ; is operating 5 - 15 minutes late en route to worcester # mbta
some of them are still young and none of you think how will these things might affect their mental health and how they will lose confidence reading those articles and what will their parents feel about it i fucking hate you all
all the salty little bitches in these comments make me laugh .
i will kill white boys and nazis mark my words
dude , you look delicious .
if i suck you off , will you get me hard in your mouth and fuck your front hole before i come inside your boy hole ?
yes we will and you stick to trolling old women to artificially inflate your cult leaders book rankings we are going to save western civilization and you are going to do nothing but act like a retard all your life
i make shoe contact before i make eye contact
ya sound a wee bit upset !
there is likely an app for that :)
fuck you braden you dumb houston white trash fuck
the kingdom of hawai'i has a long , proud history of being the most diverse and inclusive nation in the history of mankind .
this is because our culture and society are built around core principles like aloha ( unconditional love ) and pono ( harmony and balance ) .
our diversity and inclusiveness stand in stark contrast to america 's brutal , genocidal racism .
if we are to be completely honest america is a nation built upon the racist ideology of white supremacy which once touted black slavery as a good business practice and now condones the wanton murder of blacks by law enforcement based on slim and often contrived circumstances .
america committed mass genocide on its first nations indigenous peoples in order to take their lands and now it contains them in oppressive concentration camps that it calls " reservations " .
the japanese " internment " camps in hawai'i were an extension of the racist concentration camps of america .
but where were the german and italian " interment " camps ?
nowhere .
showing strength after 8yrs of weakness will get the attention of the world .
peace through strength !
prolly heard i was broke from a broke nigga prolly heard i was a hoe from a hoe 🤒
if you did n't vote and you do n't have a damn good excuse ( " i had dysentery " ) you can go ahead and move to mars you are dead to me
you are defending this dumb shit for creating the illusion that i should somehow care because i was raised mormon or that i am a kike because i was born into a mormon family oblige me with that retard level logic and just add to the dumpster fire
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
did you all know illegal immigrants and la will not get their car impounded if caught without proper documentation meanwhile my black ass first time going to jail was because the cop white girl claimed my liscence was suspended despite me having court documents showing it wasn t
@deimantezilyte @mulcahygeorgina @donidarkowitz she said we should feel flattered ... for a white woman to be dark ... i ca n't even begin to unbox how many levels of wrong that phrase holds url
the eat less and better and get more exercise is definitely too simple .
genetics plays a large role as well .
i have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and i am average weight and get regular exercise ; however , my family has a very strong genetic disposition to type 2 so i was " fortunate " to develop it .
i hope these people that are responding to you do not have the joy of developing a chronic condition that will sap away all thei money and makes it difficult for them to get insurance .
< user > < user > justin trudeau is a jihadi apologist
right on , sister rose !
haille nickerson grimsby on had < number > pts in < number > mins in < user > loss to acadia can ball
alabama county official fired for being white ? --
https://t.co/sl6nbvtleh @gopusa # sgp # usa # tcot # teaparty
the goal of this poll is to figure out whether or not you view the white us troops in iraq as your troops ?
the first option contains way too much common sense to ever be implemented by a liberal government , or even a conservative one in this country .
we are supposed to shut up as the government continues to import thousands of people who hate western society and are looking for ways to kill us .
on top of that , we 're supposed to shut up as they bring in tens of thousands illegal immigrants that will at the very least cost billions of dollars in tax payer money , and at the very worst cost a loss of life .
globalists wo n't be happy until canada is just a colony of china .... which it will be in the coming 40 - 50 years .
the white man is the devil for colonizing canada hundreds of years ago and developing one of the most prosperous nations the world has ever seen - never forget that !
how does chess relate to people in real life ?
whites always come first
and this is what happens when you put a one sided activist in the role of minister for such a complex portfolio , the same is happening with the environment minister , another activist , no rational thought or middle ground .
food coop of olympia washington anti white propaganda they hate you
not long ago giving children dreadful made up trashy misspelled firstnames was strictly a black thing e g antwoine shaquonda monikwa ta queesha daetrell ad nauseam now stupid white women are into it too i am seeing white kids given comical names like alecksus kaylleigh kaitlun
cantwell , like all the other clowns with his beliefs ,   share the same characteristics : uneducated , insecure white males that ca n't adapt to the changing world around them .
folks like this used to be able to work in factories and stay in their simple , secluded ( and mostly white ) small towns and believe their " way of life " was the best .
now those small town factories are gone and they 're being forced to compete ( and assimilate ) " with the [ insert race / ethnicity ] " in the city whom are smarter , more employable , and better prepared for this new world filled with technology .
it scares the hell out of them , so they fall back on " it 's the [ insert race / ethnicity ] fault " .
they really do n't hate the way they claim , it 's all rooted in insecurity .
should be a new wing to this movement giving back to disenfranchised whites helping the vets old young community planting trees its non confrontational and men women can participate also does not give lefties something to target winning hearts and minds is the key to all of this
russian operatives hiding behind false identities used facebook ’s event - management tool to remotely organize and promote political protests in the u.s.
it would seem that we now have an ethics commissioner who herself is in a conflict of interest in determining whether the prime minister is in a conflict of interest .
meanwhile everybody who is not a staunch liberal supporter knows that this is a clear case of conflict and that the pm should resign along with the president of the party and any other mp who also went along on this junket .
the problem is that there is nobody else in the liberal party who is even remotely able to take over .
oh , what a mess we are in .
how to pick up chicks how do you pick up a black chick ?
noose .
how do you pick up a mexican chick ?
border patrol .
how do you pick up a muslim chick ?
body bag .
how do you pick up a jewish chick ?
dustpan and brush .
how do you pick up white chicks ?
flunitrazepam .
roses are red , ink is black this thread is locked to keep white people from coming back .
_ i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns . _
having an opinion - period - requres a thick skin -male , female , black , white - whatever
@w_terrence keep crowing there , # oreo # uncletom , trump will round up you and yours right after he 's finished deporting the lighter brown people . #
dumbass
what do you say to a man from liverpool who has a full time job ?
i 'll have a big mac extra cheese .
you just need to get laid .
just do away with the authority and let developers do whatever they want .
they can build into the street , on top of sidewalks , no open space and no height limit .
anything they can think of .
where did they find ige ?
obviously scraping the bottom off the barrel !
sdorica is a fucking drug
my coworker told me he was a pansexual & amp ; explained to me what that meant ... i feel him .
that 's dope
stay mad ma snow nigga your women love that non white dick while you all stay cucked with your low sperm count and number of white babies dwindle 😉
fucking idiot do nt believe anything you see they stole the white child imbasill you are retarded
fuck us for the coup that killed our people .
fuck us we know they are islamophobic and racist country kick them out of turkey 🇹 🇷
the kennedys have always been rich white trash .
this is not surprising .
early meeting is stressing me out . & #
128557 ; then product presentation in one of my client this is so omg & # 128557;&#128557 ; ppt please be my guide & # 128170;&#127995 ; kapit lang !
somewhere along the way james you have got to justify why it costs 48 times more for this than for others .
example , how many complaints , resulting in what outcome , costing how much and why .
midwives deliver babies .
if the baby was delivered live and healthy , what is your complaint ?
if the midwife screwed up and killed or otherwise harmed the baby , why have we not heard of it ?
raising the cost of midwives to $ 4,700 per to maintain a license while others in similar profession pay only $ 165.00 is very suspect and boarders on the criminal .
let us also note , that the ones paying $ 165.00 can also deliver babies , but charge 10 times as much .
that 's 3,490 births that could have been delivered by the more expensive doctor / nurse / hospital combo .
to all my fellow gays , love who you want to love without any guilt .
be free .
mind your own business and live happily ever fucking after.&#128129;&#127997; ❤ ️
josh white man would you get trumps dick out your ass .maybe trump raped you.you all on his dick defending trump like you actually know and met him.trump do nt give a rats ass about you .
wow mind blown follow the white rabbit q
royal wigger took his monkey to brixton ghetto today for a visit to a nigger radio station white briton homeless can wait harry the humanitarian does not have time for them diversity takes priority for harry the halfwit megnog trying to play shy and demure was nauseating trashy stripper
only 300 million are radicals the population of the us .
the problem is where they are and who they are .
so not such a tiny minority .
gay trans dude but i would totes smash that gash .
her eyebrows alone make my depression lessen .
still have satanic netflix saw that chris rock special hoping white kids get shot here the customer service number to cancel your subscription < number > < number > < number > < number >
i guess we still have to learn how to protect a protected area and not just making it sound like it
of course they can take the property of white people for reparations .
an emperor owned a majestic white stallion , the finest beast in all his kingdom .
one night , a thief tried to slip in and steal the horse , but was captured by the palace guards and thrown into the dungeon .
the next morning , he was dragged before the emperor 's court . "
how dare you , " bellowed the emperor , " lay hand on my royal steed !
jailor , put this thief to death ! "
immediately , the thief bowed deeply . "
your judgement is peerless and wise , o emperor , " he calmly replied , " but my life is of little value .
i should offer you a gift before i depart .
your mount is quite a fine one , but if your eminence would spare my life for just a year and a day , i swear to you i can teach that horse to sing .
to the surprise of all , the emperor quickly accepted the offer .
the jailor whispered to the thief , " you are a fool ! "
you will be tortured when you fail .
" i am a fool ? "
much can happen in a year and a day .
the king may die .
the horse may die .
i may die ... and maybe the horse will learn how to sing . "
showing strength after 8yrs of weakness will get the attention of the world .
peace through strength !
friend : : i 'm just not attracted to black guys like that .
me : : ... but your boyfriend is black .
friend : : not really .
she does n't consider her boyfriend ' that black ' because he is from the suburbs , his dialect reflects his middle class upbringing , he likes world of warcraft and does n't listen to rap .
i 'm up @3:30 in the morning because i 'm so fucking stressed out . #
itsnotfunny
a un representative ?
means a con .
or criminal herself .
un is a criminal organization .
ilegales have no rights .
lol , acting presidential .
kys filthy redneck twerp
to all the bitch ass hoes that hate me the most , oh yeah i hate you too
shut the fuck up nazi scum i 'll fucking cave your cunt face in
dump on the white man all you want ..... but ask yourself this question ms. khan ... would the world be a better place if the pakistani 's ruled the world ( your ancestral homeland )
the dad oathed " i will kill the one who did this to my daughter ! ! "
then he shot himself .
i moved to alberta from ontario 16 years ago and have never worked in the energy sector .
i have an mba from queen 's .
most people i know have come here from other provinces seeking a better life .
generalize much ?
i currently live in wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the ple concept .
so why are white americans expected to answer for slavery all the time ?
< user > the jews adl are the real anti semites 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 that gave me a belly laugh
what does does that even mean ?
put the bong down and get some air ...
it does have to do with black or white criminal .
black page eight , white page one .
obvious bias by the left .
@_x7a circumcised guys pleasure from the act of pumping pussy surely is 69 - 96 % lower than blokes who have n't had it , their dick head must be dead to sensitivity rubbing against shit jeans on a daily surely ?
or am i chatting shit
european history of < number > years speaks with one voice exterminate the jews before they exterminate you whitegenocide
now i guess trump will have to include haiti in the muslim ban that is n't really a muslim ban even though it keeps getting struck down for being a muslim ban because trump repeatedly and in writing promised a muslim ban and he called it a muslim ban even though his handlers said it was n't a muslim ban , right ?
either way , white nationalists seek a ban that bans all the " swarthy people " the white nationalists hate .
it 's what really lights their tiki torches .
< user > i fucking hate you 😂
i side with trudeau and harper on this one .
although trudeau lied .
< user > where did you dig up this hillbilly
" business people , whose children attend those schools and who depend on public education to provide them with a skilled workforce , are as frustrated as the measure 97 proponents . "
ok , so just what kind of tax and how much tax are business people willing to pay ?
the de - funding of public schools was led from conservative anti - tax measures backed by the business community such as measure 5 .
with business people , especially corporate majority stockholders , it 's always about using public services but expecting everyone but themselves to pay for them .
at the same time the trickle down that is supposed to enrich workers to the point where we can afford the taxes never seems to happen .
quite the opposite , in fact .
for decades now the economy has been a giant vacuum sucking money from the bottom to the top .
check that ... the very first sentence reads : " sixty - three people living in denver were apprehended this week by federal immigration authorities in an operation where ice targeted cities that deny its agents access to jails " 
 they only mentioned or called out one from denver to illustrate the sort of people they were rounding up ... 
 historically amber , you have taken the accused persons side and opposed all law enforcement ... the example from denver is " convicted of felony menacing , six duis , child abuse , assault and domestic violence harassment . "
do you think he was being unfairly targeted and denver was doing the right thing by not handing this person over to ice ?
often , words become ' offensive ' only * after * some assholes * choose * to be offended by them .
nah just calling you the larping faggot that you are aloud somebody has to point out that you are an oversensitive sjw
i would n't mind that at all .
randy was my fave
white people and culturally appropriative " spirituality " ( i'm talking to you yoga enthusiasts ) , just stop
defending the indefensible .
more ammo for the opposition .
why do white people have so many pets ?
because they ca n't own people anymore
siting in the studio y'day to celebrate @iamdj_yb 's bday just showed me a lot & amp ; reminded me where i strted from & amp ; with whom i strted with
what do you call a white public school ?
a free - for - all ...
i do n't have the energy to fight .
i 'm not going to fight for you to stay .
you either want to be in my life or you don't.bi ca n't change that
< user > < user > i can not tell if you are trolling retarded or afraid of losing your shitty job maybe all
to simply say they have freedom of speech is to oversimplify what this flag symbolizes .
it has long been a symbol of hate and intimidation not of only african americans but asians , jews , native americans , hispanics and anyone who is n't white .
if you wave it in my face and i 'm not white how should i interpret it ?
you are making a statement of hate and intolerance .
as a person of color to ignore that would be foolish and possibly dangerous .
you betta go get my money lil bitch i got ta stack whore i can go str8 for the flush or kiss it off the backboard 🦊
must be those white working class voters that the dems discarded .
i got to see a gender therapist for the first time a couple weeks ago and it 's so nice to have someone who knows all about the trans experience .
i ve been identifying as agender for like 4 years ( since i heard of the term ) and only now am i really getting help .
it ll come , friend .
it might take a while but you ll be ok and you ll get to be yourself .
stay strong ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 👌 🏻 👌 🏻 👌 🏻
@considerculture this would make sense if racism no longer existed .
unfortunately , it still does and it still requires our attention if we want to reach equality .
sweden gov judiciary is at war with it own people this is not a miscarriage of justice it is a deliberate policy to subjugate the swedish people under islam legitimise moslem rape of swedes either the swede go to war now or they are lost
round em up boys they got their deportation orders now enforce them .
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
we 're in june and there 's been 8 trans murders in the country , all of which have been black women .
this is what i 'm carrying with me this pride month .
rainbows and short shorts are fun , but this is reality .
rest in power sisters ❤ ️
all cocks should be cut
bet365 betfair telephone bet365 ￡200 welcome bonus https://t.co/keewgqxwnn # williamhill # freeplay https://t.co/hj3ykqb8xm
if they hate you for being real just ignore that shit
thanks for the good stuff on here to show my kids .
the alt right is full of feminists white knight captain save a hoe beta cucks
when redneck neighbors try to start shit as you are packin your moving truck lmao come on my property bitch ill cut you the fuck up
not politically correct .............   but , is there evidence that it may be wrong ?
when you make a cute ass video snap but you look lowkey ugly so you do n't know if you should post it or not & # 129300;&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️ # currently
agree .
build state run health clinics for only those of true and provable via state tax returns   poverty status .
no ' free ' ( we payers pay for them )   care elsewhere , including   er 's , unless it is   truly " life - threatening , stabilize only " care needed .
once stabilized , send them home or over to the state run clinics .
i stand with the muslim community 💛
except that it was admitted as part of an interview that the real motivation for comey 's dismissal was his accelerating leadership of the probe into collusion with the russians to hack the 2016 election .
what do you call a redneck bursting into flames ?
a fire cracker !
get your asshole blown out at the gloryhole
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
$ $ $ for starters - alot of money that will lower our taxes or give us better stuff
< user > malcolm x was assasinated by rival black muslims not white nationalist or slavery supporter you see there and rosa parks is a different category not in the same class as mlk
this is what canada 's official mascot does best .
self - serving aggrandizement and virtue - signalling .
can you remember when liberals used to " pride " themselves on being educated ?
oof , how awkward .
i will suck a niggas dick who i like anywhere , any time of the day url
" @beeasyjrizzy : u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussy"no bs must b & gt;30%chance
a little bit of nail varnish and lipstick does not queer masculinity if you are still calling women who disagree with you hags bitches sluts whores etc being a misogynist is very masculine of you
12 service errors in 3 sets still too many .
give a good team 12 free points ... forget it .
you keep insisting normal is a statistical term but after several semesters of statistics and statistics based classes i 've never heard it used in any statistics application to mean the mode as you keep insisting it does .
" @cahnemily @seanspicer @devinnunes " " two individuals who were properly cleared " " .
how do you know that does n't included nunes himself ? "
who will they come after when they are done scapegoating mexicans .
his background is irrelevant .
the airline crew and the police would have had no evidence of it at the time of the incident .
it is smoke and mirrors .
yeah about what i d expect from someone using a kike term for his username fraudian psychology stay go finger your own asshole whatever it takes to get you off there princess virtue sniveling at me is not going to earn you good boy points
what do white people cook better than black people ?
meth ... 



  jk other races
katherine kealoha claimed her identity was stolen to explain away negative items on her credit report ?
and they believed her ?
mortgage fraud is a federal crime .
so now she 's a reserve police officer as well as city prosecutor ?
oh my , the lies flow like a river from kealoha , no wonder the federal prosecutor tried to hold her without bail .
katherine is in deep and sinking , she 's gon na take a bunch of fools down with her .
happy day !
political correctness is gay
i assume you are white because you write things that sound like something a resentful white man would say .
i can pass for white over the phone , but your opinions label you as a resentful white man .
we are just reading what you write .
having one recycling bin to show that it 's an option is n't enough when it 's surrounded by 15 giant trash cans .
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
that 's it , i 'm calling the cops .
what do white people cook better than black people ?
meth ... 



  jk other races
an irrelevant white rapper maligning trump in a freestyle rap produced by a irrelevant ghetto black channel endorsed by lib youtube can not say i m surprised anymore
i will always maintain that the_donald is pol retarded brother
how about the fact that the racist garbage is at least the third known usage of this symbol .
the first 2 completely innocent .
now anyone who uses it innocently will be labelled racist and lose their friends and jobs and be banned from social media .
that does n't happen because white supremacists use the symbol , it happens because of unreasonable outrage over random and bullshit .
fyi , white supremacists do a hell of a lot of the same things you do .
watch your step lest you earn the badge someday when the rules change unexpectedly .
if a bitch wear white socks w black shoes vice versa they ca nt dress automatically eliminated that so tacky
women have always warned other women about men who are violent to any degree , whether or not they go to police about it .
the whole point is warning other women about a danger .
that is common sense .
the wind today is blowing much harder than it did any of the days i was in el paso , including the stupid turbulence - y flight in .
what medic is a dilf a feral scientist a brick shithouse a magnificent bastard father of < number > doves what medic is not a nazi
they should 've fucking cut him for each life he took and then ducking slowly cut off his fucking head grounder style , fucking pedophile looking white supremacist trump supporting ass .
< user > < user > gangs give other bikers a bad name or white trailer trashed ect
this process is doomed to failure , as the only politically acceptable outcome is to absolve indigenous people of any and all accountability , and to blame the colonial white powers for all the evils faced by fn peoples .
at some point , the staffers realize that they are complicit in this charade .
perhaps they honestly thought at the outset this inquiry could be balanced and credible , but they realize that politics has now superseded true " inquiry " .
my liberal duped white niece is raising < number > black kids she thinks she is so compassionate and doing a great thing instead of having her own white kids
welcome to trump 's america .
in the " anti " column :   anti - semitism , islamophobia , anti - lgbqt , anti - trans , anti - latino , anti - free press , anti climate change science etc .
in the " pro " column : pro - shooting two indian engineers in kansas , pro - building settlements in the occupied territories .
pro - russia .
what ?
i am a middle aged white male .
we may not be protected , but we do n’t need protecting .
it has been great , so great .
i am sorry if you are a white male and you could not take advantage , sorry you missed out ?
why would we need protections ?
from women and the war on men ?
and there 's both the catch and , perversely , the exit from this problem , if only those who are so upset would take it .
there is no substantial difference between what a protestant " minister " does and the common priesthood of the baptized catholic .
any catholic layman , male or female , can do what a protestant minister does and is to some extent called to it by virtue of baptism .
we do not need titles or other forms of shiny badge to be ministers .
the protestant " minister " is not analogous to a catholic sacerdotal priest except in that he does it full time and gets paid to oversee some resources of a congregation , which is really only a secondary thing for priests .
there is nothing stopping these women who feel called to be ministers from doing exactly that .
and if they want to do it full time they can raise funds , much like focus missionaries ( young full time catholic pastoral ministers at colleges ) do !
but they want to be priests for some reason , yet the eucharist goes unmentioned .
it okay to be an illegal immigrant
you just realised that trump being potusa is fishy ?
angry white guys on the right are nefarious .
angry " people of colour " on the left are darlings no matter what they do .
double standard .
thanks g&m.
@stonethegreat23 niqqa that 's every white person just because some might seem down to earth do n't mean there not gon na use nigger against us
speaking of that a lot great tracks and hits have n't been made into music video 's over the years and it 's a shame because some great hits should been into music videos while some should n't
always with the eternal godsdamned incels !
they should all be burned at the stake !
what do you call a band of red - haired people ?
ginger jam
like every beggar you claim racism .
my welfare comment applies to any white people living in the village , and natives in anchorage pay property tax just like everyone else .
this about lazy people in the bush , of all colors .
says the unemployed basement dweller who spends his time obsessing over why women wo n't fuck him because of how small he thinks his wrist / ankles / penis are .
< user > no they ’ re wonho in white and shownu in black from monsta x
skank mudshark has to shop at the dollar store cause she s a single mom
she screams insecurity more than the n word .
roses are red , violets are blue does this rag smell like chloroform to you ?
< user > < user > bro his tits are nice no homo
try to find a local lgbtq support groups that provide a safe space for youth .
pflag sometimes provides that space .
gay straight alliances also provide space in some schools .
even just finding one person who is an ally would be a big help .
you are valid .
what 's the scariest thing about a white man in prison ?
you know he actually did it .
what did scooby doo really teach us about white people ?
once you unmask the villain , it 's usually an old , white man trying to steal everyone 's land or money .
i dunno , probably gettin ' fucked in the ass or somethin' .
these definitely the same niggas mary was being a lover and a secretary for ..
the tpp negotiations resulted is a set of concessions by canada & mexico , provisions geared to contemporary technological & economic realities & us concessions that would form a useful model for updating of nafta .
the us rejected the tpp for reasons that had little or nothing to do with the provisions just discussed .
clearly , canada & mexico will try to steer nafta negotiations to focus on these provisions & there are advantages for the us as well as ourselves to ( a ) keeping the nafta negotiations within such a manageable framework , & ( b ) settling on terms that broadly match what was agreed to under the tpp concerning these provisions .
leitch condemns support of her by " white nationalists " but she has n't a clue as to why they would support her !
really ?
she should resign - she clearly lacks the judgment and common sense to be a member of parliament .
imagine what would happen to you if you were illegally in mexico , picked up a a gun , fired it into a crowd , and killed a young mexican girl
mr. wohlforth 's commentary appears to suggest that alaska natives are nothing but poor innocent victims of a racist justice system .
his tone is extremely patronizing and i wonder if he is playing the " white man 's burden " role here .
this is the old kipling concept that white man like him , must take care of the poor natives who can not take care of themselves .
bit old fashioned however gallant , mr. wohlforth .
nearly all native inmates i encountered at acc west , knew wholly that they did wrong .
funny thing about native people are that they are extremely honest folks , even when they did wrong .
more then any other ethnic groups i have run into , including my fellow asian americans , native people stand out in their honesty in acknowledging that they did wrong .
few who claims innocence , are those coming in from probation violations and some of them got just cause to be unhappy , being violated for petty violations .
maybe that is where mr. wohlforth should take a look at .
looks like asians have more balls than us gutless white people .
if you are what you eat does that mean all asians are bitches ?
as long as you do n't tax muslims .
they are the most peaceful and non - violent religion in the world .
they 're perfect and have never done anything wrong .
white people wo n't stand for you taxing the religion they use to boost their image of tolerance .
" a bit asinine having a rebel mascot in a state that was not involved in the civil war .
"--colorado was involved in the civil war , sending troops down to new mexico to stop a confederate invasion , and the reynolds gang carried out guerrilla operations towards the end of the war as part of a texas battalion .
i do agree that having a johnny reb - type mascot does n't align with the history of the area and should probably be changed , though .
columbine uses a revolutionary soldier as its rebel mascot and that would be far more appropriate as well as patriotic .
wait they banned pepe memes from the deploraball that retarded
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
whitegenocide rfid jewish controlled media is not news its a bureau of communist indoctrination or hatenews to make people help the jews create the communist nwo where no white person will be spared and the current generation of black people will become slaves again
i think the # 2018election hinges almost solely on the tax reform vote now , no matter how shitty it may actually be 

 optics is everything in dc ... everything 

 tax reform is a # wethepeople issue , not a # government issue 

 if you vote no on reform , it says you vote no on # wethepeople 

 you 'll get replaced
trey lyles ?
i 'm not impressed ... let 's hope this is a set - up for another move .
> sees some weird ass dildo no one has heard of homosexuality is now invalid op was retarded from the start , at least the total iq of lgbt allies has now risen a bit .
zoe is doing video indirects which makes me wanna do video indirects but my voice is disgusting and i look like ass so
can you believe this brokedy broke nigger was over here with a white bitch in the park kissing seriously the white bitch more fucked up then the niggers are is not that like raping the handicapped seriously why would a white bitch choose a nigger < number > she be retarded drugged to
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > a man of straw antifa have never killed everyone the far right white supremacist are major terrorist threats
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
do you feel the person should be identified and his reasons for doing such revealed ?
the only reason normies come her is to urge incels with mental issues to kill themselves
how to pick up chicks how do you pick up a black chick ?
noose .
how do you pick up a mexican chick ?
border patrol .
how do you pick up a muslim chick ?
body bag .
how do you pick up a jewish chick ?
dustpan and brush .
how do you pick up white chicks ?
flunitrazepam .
anyone else read some posts and start to understand why there are shoes with velcro fastener for adults .
nigga who ever said white caste is good is smoking wild dick them thangs taste like hot shit
california takes care of the illegal immigrants but there is no money for its own people
@corduene _ @berfinn_a @miaanqd yess same guy saved many jewish lifes from nazi germany .
you guys are so braindead , pathetic and delusional
there is something the writer does not take not account .
that the anc delegates do n't know what they are talking about and all their resolutions have been a disaster when they are implemented .
therefore it is rational to ignore them .
my parents worked for all their money .
my family planned ahead for me to attend post secondary .
ultimately , i think tv and movies have stifled creativity of thought and healthy progression of philosophy and art .
i 'm up @3:30 in the morning because i 'm so fucking stressed out . #
itsnotfunny
people who use the white nigger meme are scum i avoid them like the plague talmudic autists
did god actually turn into trailer trash preacher 😂
it inappropriate to tell someone you are going to skull fuck them because you are angry i will skull fuck you too if you all keep up this nonsense 😂
i agree send the feminazis back ! ! !
democrats are worse than isis .
isis does n't sell the baby body parts .
where in the article do you think she said that people who support trump are any of those things ?
or that the law would discriminate against a certain group ?
the law is meant to prevent discrimination " based on religion , race , origin , ethnicity , sexual orientation , political views or other protected characteristics . "
roses are red , violets are blue does this rag smell like chloroform to you ?
< user > < user > < user > < user > feminism has toxic aspect yes and you are allowed to oppose it but on your fight against it do not ever try to justify rape ever we are fighting against women being bullies so what has rape got to with this ngoba we get raped cause we have vaginas
bye , bye .
never getting out .
i thought he was black .
aka white .
america fuck yeah so lick my butt and suck on my balls
see i was with you until the racist beaner comment , but racism aside you are correct but still go fuck yourself .
if i were in charge of congress i would immediately start impeachment proceedings against : 
 
 judge derrick k. watson ( u.s. district court - hawaii ) 
 judge theodore d. chuang ( u.s. district court , maryland ) 
 ( both appointed by obama ) 

 as well as most on the 9th circuit court of appeals .

" everything look better with a bitch next to it "
i 'm not personally in a bad situation - the fire moved north of ashcroft and july 7 and we have not been threatened since - but clinton is in the region the paper covers .
i posted an initial story about the evacuation order there on the journal 's website last night and updated it this morning with info from a friend who lives there and did n't evacuate .
now i 'm writing it up for this week 's print edition ( as much as i can , bearing in mind it 's an evolving story ; i 'll continue to update it through tuesday morning , when we go to press ) .
i believe hart 's about to lose her bank account .
she 's got ta blame someone or something .
describing liberal progressive pc is pure evil and a poor joke .
this red propagandist wo n't change anything !
people are sick and tired of it !
this insect is for open borders and that is his hidden agenda as he totally hates white america !
beautiful message .
i love being a black woman .
uhhh , this is more lies designed to make you hate iran
btw im a girl and i like girls so your not alown
@shoe0nhead they sent men , dogs and monkeys on one way missions ... come on folks .
i hope not .
i do n't think the country can survive two failed presidencies in a row .
translation how can you tell that a muslim is lying to you
white liberals are absolutely the worst thing to ever plague america .
stupid , emotional , and unbearably boring .
i wish we could send them all to gitmo with the boomers .
my manager is a white boy who thinks he ’ ghetto lmao
< user > < user > once a retard always a retard
i do n't have the energy to fight .
i 'm not going to fight for you to stay .
you either want to be in my life or you don't.bi ca n't change that
yep the us census bureau officially classifies arabs and jews as white
what does the kkk want for christmas ?
a white christmas
< user > why do not you talk about channon christian and christopher newsome white kids carjacked raped tortured then murdered by < number > blacks in tenntheir case did not even make national news had they been black and their killers white there would have been outrage
i do nt think you realize he is planning this now , and will do this with 6 months !
that s what intel feeds are saying .
what till he starts his war with tested weapons on s korea your saying ?
my gosh you liberals are something ....
excellent article .
privilege in our society ( and virtually everywhere else on the earth ) is based on wealth and income ; i.e. how much money a person has or does n't have .
beyoncé is privileged ; oprah is privileged ; an old white guy living on the streets of vancouver is not privileged .
most of the " unpacking your privilege " identifiers are individualistic and petty and besides who are the arlo kempf 's to judge how a particular white person may perceive their existential state .
everybody has insecurities ; everybody can feel slights .
as an older white guy i can assure you i do not feel privileged .
nobody is opening doors for me .
nobody gives me a " privileged " position in a line up .
when i go into an office the young usually female , often non - white clerk does not treat me with special politeness - in fact , i " suspect " often the opposite is more correct .
your final sentence suffices to warn me off further engagement .
i suspect you pray to the holy " ghost " ,
the bernie sanders campaign outreach to black voters continues .
🥴 url
the weirdest moment in house of < number > corpses is when the old rob zombie ass redneck grandpa name drops jimmy olsen aka the superman character no one cares about
if the message is do not discriminate against anyone regardless of their gender and or sexual identity then this is a message i can get behind .
having straight in the acronym may be beneficial as now it 's inclusive to everyone , not only something that describes lgbtq people it describes all people and that is true equality .
queer eye is literally palatable faggotry for straight people do nt me
i just read an instagram caption that said nothing like a monday morning send with the squad i fucking hate white people
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
we need to agree & amplify the white supremacy meme 

 basically , constantly start calling every alt liter , libertarian , and normie - con a white supremacist 

 create fake accounts on twitter to harass normie right - wingers 
 twitter wo n't ban you cause they protect leftists
i do n't hate blacks , i love them .
as a matter of fact , i think every white person should own at least one .
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
let 's go jim !
so you sitting her telling me it ok for a female to drug niggas but when a male do it we deserve to be stoned and thrown in a hole
chapos sure love that tokenism as a shield .
1 brown guy sometimes .
1 woman sometimes .
covering those bases , but not in any real numbers ...
would love to see julian assange to finally expose obama administration get it all over with
that awkward moment when carl palidinos son is talking to you at mtk and you want to tell him you fucking hate your dad but you ca n't
the only negro i d shed a tear for
but i tink ancientalso still makes a valid comment .
what retirees do in texas may be very different from what retirees do outside of texas -- even in other parts of the united states .
a retiree in anchorage , alaska , for example , is n't going to do much golfing in january .
the life style choices are completely different .
i get bitches on tinder
describe how you look 
 5'5 " 

 97 lbs 

 blue eyes 

 droopy left eye 

 my dark eye circles have dark eye circles 

 both eyes are always bloodshot 

 full lips and also slanted 

 nose looks weird in the middle 

 shaved head 

 straight eyebrows 

 pale as fuck 

 massive forehead 

 acne scars 

 decent jawline but not quite chad tier 

 okay chin 

 ca n't grow any facial hair 

 almost no body hair
what do you call a redneck bursting into flames ?
a fire cracker !
< user > it not fanboys it a fact you fucking retard
sharing and cooperating or coercion and confiscating ?
< user > got mad at me because i told him he was gay in 4 th grade was i serious yes is he gay yes
not op 's fault that racist white men wo n't stop being racist white men .
if old racist white men do n't want to be called racist white men they should stop being racist white men .
# hitdogsholler
fucking white bread with the crust taken off smushed into a little ball that hogdiggedyddmon keanu reeves pig
this is the same country that will go about and say how my country is a shithole and backwards .
lmao atleast our women can abort their unwanted baby
" if a political party has the support of 30 % of citizens who voted then it should have 30 % of the seats in the legislature . "
why ?
i m surprised c18 was nt mentioned , they always are when the ob smash the evil neo = nazis yellow press at its best
because british men are cuckolds and too cowardly to do what needed it quite pathetic if that happened to my daughter or sister there d be a tribes worth of sand niggers finding out there no virgins waiting for them
" send her back " sentiments would have been standard fare at know - nothing rallies in the 1850s , or klan rallies in the 1910s-20s .
hey , girl , are you nuts ?
because i want to take you to a secluded but memorable spot in the woods and bury you there .
so if the ghetto clans and angry dumb fems so come over with there muslum terrorist buddies that are equally great appearetly for whatever reason will this site cater to them because they do love a good upsetting it like a happening for them except is it different
run for the hills , pick up your feet and let 's go 
 we did our jobs , pick up speed now lets move 
 the trees ca n't grow without the sun in their eyes 
 and we ca n't live if we 're too afraid to diehold on tight , yes , hold on tight you 're too slow
this is why women having careers is not our people this is why any non white immigration is not our people this is why doing drugs is not our people this is why going down to home depot for illegal labor is not our people you can not violate this principle and be our people
" what are we to say of a nation which lives under the perpetual delusion that it is about to be attacked ? "
white dude wins the nobel for lit again , shocking , next you 'll tell me his novels speak to a universal human experience
the usa has to make a turn .
you need competence in congress , not colored vaginas .
stop this stupid tolerance .
a person who 's obviously stupid has no place in the government .
i 'm grateful that uvu live steamed their mormon studies conference .
many great presentations so far ! #
uvumormon
further proof that kikes are the spawn of satan , look at this specimen .
url
@vicenews yes females are turning their vaginas and mutilating them into fake penises there s also male genital mutilation as well .. ppl turnin penises to vaginas ..
i am there 😈 oh by the way stiles harbor is now < user > he talks ghetto now lmwao
obama did try to unify all americans but there are still many americans out there who could n't accept that we had a black president and would do whatever they could to make him fail .
that is pretty much mitch mcconnell 's strategy .
do n't let them blind you akskiman , the oligarchy wants us to fight so they can take advantage of us .
trump has always been a conman .
we have to make sure he does what is good for all of us and we do n't get scam .
be skeptical , push hard , and do n't let them divide and conquer us .
poor whites and inner city blacks are getting screwed in this country the same and corporations are making bank .
people asians ca nt rap < user > hold my fanny pack
i 'm going to acknowledge my privileges and call the ignorant idiots out who perpetuate colorism out .
" @jamesinsela @cspanwj you ca n't put requirements on when something " " has " " to happen , and then say it not happening p … https://t.co/q1js2npw4h "
indians do n't have monuments to glorify the evils of slavery .
but southern whites do .
what good comes out of glorifying evil acts .
does this sub deal with male issues affecting minorities or concepts such gender roles ?
forever lean stripper pole bitch this nigger purple sprite
what do you call pissed white people ?
salted crackers
what do you call a band of red - haired people ?
ginger jam
i 've just realized that indians are an hybrid of white people and black people they are smart like a white man , work like a black man and they have brown skin like a mix of races
justin just does public relations for the liberal party 

 he is their brand name 
 he is like the logo of the party 
 the mascot 
 like the cartoon dolls / animal mascots for the olympics 

 the power behind the throne that does the actual governing is the pmo and that butts guy
🤣 🤣 😂 😂 🤣 🤣 😂 😂 🤣 🤣 you spelled my name wrong and my name is literally in front of your face not only are your nations sucking in sand niggers but its already affecting whites iq 🤣 🤣 🤣 😂 😂 😂 🤣 🤣 😂 😂
thinking about the " boom boom boom waaay ho " video makes me laugh at least once a day .
what do you call an angry white guy ?
a firecracker .
this one is so easy to
glossary of female disorders and hardships 
 * incel = can not get the 9/10 multimillionaare giga chad to be in a commiteed relationship with them ( but can get pumped and dumped by him ) 

 * social anxiety = can only work up the courage to approach 10 chads a week instead of 100 like other girls 

 * depression = chad is taking too long to text back 


 feel free to add more
get a grip will , this is an accusation ( that just happens to fit your wacky political agenda ) and is not proven in a sense of the word .
go back to texas .
whether this is satire or not , the real tragedy is that it rings true .
time for mayor moonbeam to head for the stars and for vancouver to get more grounded and realistic politics and engineering services .
think how much more useful a bit more snow removal gear would be ( even if only used occasionally ) than the nonsense happening on the burrard bridge .
lifeguards are paid for dragging crying kids out of pools .
apparently when i do it it ’s ‘ illegal ’ and got me a ban from the leisure center
essential ocean first - aid measures .
what does a white person use for target practice ?
a public school .
i am passionate , i am very affectionate 🤗 i guess is my latina blood ... 🔥 come and take this lingerie off !
😈 # dallas # curvesarebeautiful # sexy please retweet if you can 🙏 🏽 url
i fucking hate white people
how is president trump going to let the taliban into america but build a wall to keep immigrants out the clownery
spoken like a liberal elitist who thinks they know better than everybody else .
62 million + americans   were all stupid , white extremists .
2015 is the year i read no books by white cis men .
luckily , my goodreads queue is mostly not white cis men anyway .
problem is , how much is kirk going to ask for ?
i agree that he 's better than the qbs we have now , but he 's going to demand a pretty big contract .
if john breaks the bank to try to sign kirk , i think it could be his downfall .
and we 've been notorious for screwing up qb acquisitions .
decided to give tinder a try again 
 as i lay waiting for a match ( that probably wo n't happen ) all that comes to mind is all the tinder experiments of good looking chads getting thousands of matches 

 why did i have to be ugly
just goes to show that the republican party runs on hate .
and rednecks .. they hate the world .. white is might , right ?
just another case of white stupidity that will eventually lead to white race suicide white people are just fucking stupid to seek their own demise lol
@anniec0429 ugly white bitch
the goal of this poll is to figure out whether or not you view the white us troops in iraq as your troops ?
shut the fuck up you cracker penis looking fuck
a lesbian lass from khartoum once invited a queer to her room they spent the whole night in a terrible fight over who would do what and to whom
my bible says what applies to men applies to women so do n't tell me it 's a man 's nature to cheat & amp ; they are weak , don't tell me that rubbish
of course , sexuality must be controlled , and if not by the individual , then indirectly by the state .
that 's why from the founding of the republic , there were laws against fornication .
because we no longer have such laws , thanks in part to roe v. wade 's interpretation of substantive due process , the father - less rate among some blacks is through the roof , and among whites is rising all the time .
the children of these families scarcely have a chance in life because of the selfishness of their parents .
but it 's liberals who accuse conservatives of caring only for the unborn and not caring for children .
bs !
damn it took the breakfast club 45 minutes to ask troy ave questions about taxstone .
i 'm surprised they has that much restraint .
it 's always a wonder to me that the trump sycophants that are always dissing the sa on the comments section subscribe to the sa .
the sa is getting your money !
so i guess the sa is having the last laugh on you guys .... and by the way rth , should n't you be spreading russian loving , pro putin , fellow american disparaging , propaganda somewhere ?
delete your account comrade !
dasvidaniya comrade rth ....
white people were never the slaves of black people nor do white people suffer broad institutionalized racism from black people .
to equate " white shaming " with " racism " is ignorant and another form of racism .
you should be shamed for thinking they are equal sides of the same coin .
if you would have followed george washington in 1776 , it means that you 're white trash .
transculters : a great bunch of lads who just want to smash your head in with a baseball bat and make you choke on their " girl dicks " .
url
she looks like the kind of girl who hangs out at the bus stop with a girl friend looking for people to beat up .
like she is the one that holds their arms and has her slightly fatter and slightly sluttier friend punch them in the stomach .
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
it ’ kind of islamaphobic that everything is closed today
@jeremyoharris stop expecting us to accept this disrespect as art .
why would any black person with respect for their ancestors want to see your degrading rendition of slave rape , pawning it off as romance
how many white people does it take to change a lightbulb ?
that 's not funny , i ' m suing .
no , lets stay scattered across the earth and try to change every racially unaware white across the earth ...
trump , supporters , republicans and all foxidized morons .
considering 80 % of earth 's population have below 90 iq .
you are all racist , idiots that must go back to iceland or where ever shitholes that you came from .
you are all white and ugly . (
sorry , do n't blame me i 'm just frustrated ) i 'm white and proud .
i use to have a black classmate ! !
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
what an embarrassment america is before the world .
a fucking white supremacist banana republic , a gigantic trailer park shithole of rabid morons led by a fat fucking piece of shit .
if it 's your field why not present the facts .
whites making up 99 - percent of this country 's serial killers is not nonsense ; white men sexually preying upon children and killing them is not nonsense ; white men making up most of the people traveling to foreign countries for sex with children is not nonsense ; and white women being at the top of list in this country for killing their own children certainly is not nonsense .
grow up and deal with reality .
i think i disagree with amy on the buffet letter .
i 've never been to a potluck or buffet party where there were n't leftovers .
if you know these people eat a ton , then why not have a ton ?
is n't there always supposed to be extra food at parties just for this reason ?
soon canadians will pay more taxes for the billions he has given to foreign countries .
remember this when only the public sector employees can pay their bills .
hopefully he wo n't come back after the break .
@theibbyv1 nah fuck that hoe
" there 's absolutely nothing about catholic dogma that is incompatible with u.s. law , and i would defy the senator to offer evidence to the contrary . "
the average catholic , much less the average american , does not know the theological difference between catholic dogma and catholic doctrine .
given that understanding , feinstein was probably referencing humanae vitae and it 's implications for us law regarding birth control , abortion , and glbt civil rights .
so it 's really not about your first sentence but rather a game .
that 's what we 've been saying all along .
lol come on guys nazis in facebook it funny
@theibbyv1 nah fuck that hoe
< user > i saw < happy > thank you
damn i m about to workouy like a cotton field slave nigger sanz yar
" @cahnemily @seanspicer @devinnunes " " two individuals who were properly cleared " " .
how do you know that does n't included nunes himself ? "
white people and culturally appropriative " spirituality " ( i'm talking to you yoga enthusiasts ) , just stop
what a pathetic article trying to jump on the most recent bandwagon of a social justic issue .
i 'm shocked people like this author even considering themselves canadian .
natives did n't care about this issue until some self loathing , virtue signaling white liberals tried to make a big deal out of it .
globe and mail has been pushing leftist garbage like this a lot recently .
i 'll be checking back here to make sure you do n't delete my comment .
zoe is doing video indirects which makes me wanna do video indirects but my voice is disgusting and i look like ass so
every jew including nyc rabbis and ortho jews insist adam and eve are not only god prototypical humans but also jews smdh
i 'm never taking the metro to go see a dude who has a car .
if he does n't offer to come pick you up , he does n't care about you , sis .
why is n't there a white history month ?
no it does n't .
the c300 has a 362hp v6 and the subaru forester xt has a 250hp 2.0 litre turbo 4 .
the 2.0 t in the forester does match the c300s base 2.0 t ( 240hp ) engine - although the mercedes sedan still manages better performance via a better transmission .
so here something i have had a hunch about so i have yet to really look into in their plan after white have been all but extinct seeing as they d be the last civilized group left they d go after the asians next
sounds good until you realize that people with no history of domestic violence are more likely to do this .
the domestic violence had zero to do with this .
paddock was verbally abusive to his girlfriend ?
he yelled at her ?
so people who who argue should n't have guns ?
i heard that the shooter breathed air .
i know , who would have thought it ?
so people who breath air should n't be allowed to have guns ?
he also lived in both texas and colorado .
that should tell you all you need to know , as no one from those states is trustworthy with a gun , well , except for me .
@theonewhofucks @_auswayze _ @corycullington @simon__sez @rallenx1 _ @heavysan 🤔 🤔 🤔 .
what that even mean .
u seem to be deranged .
maybe i talk bout whte boys because u are one commiting mass shooting .
ooh i know .
u white folks do nt talk about evil because u are evil by nature .
sound about white .
🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
the investigation has turned up no evidence of collusion , as stated by yates , clapper , and feinstein .
these white folks want cravetay to be complacent because they do n't expect black girls to question anything .
fuck y' all . #
thepopgame
if you attractive people just gone up and assume you got hoes
i was working decorating a flat in the same street this happened on the same day but it happened just after i had finished and gone home for the day pollokshields was a ghetto then and an even bigger one now they just keep coming
that white bitch got shoe strings around her neck lmao 😂 cock sucker alert
at least his face is not frozen by chemical infusion to make his skin glass - like smooth and his eyes bug - eyed as they dart back and forth , like some " leaders " we see constantly , right ?
" in truth the democrats stuffed this bill through in the dead of night expecting to " fix " it in committee " 


 if by " dead of night " you mean the law took a full 8 months from the first draft and consequent gop feedback to gain passage then you have a point .
that 's counter the gop effort to release whatever draft is blowing in the wind just days before a vote is taken without any feedback from democrats , independents or the american people .
from : 3rd gen ak 
 12 hours ago 
 in reply to : 
 ' outsiders ' like those 3 white men from goldman sachs he chose for his cabinet from hell .
— ultramachoalaskanwolf 
 " smart and white ... earths alpha males . "
from me : from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
but imma have to get ghetto and start picking from the medsci building
these folks were living beyond their means even when they were making a good salary .
then they were seduced by greed .
of course this is only the court of public opinion but it looks like the feds did their homework on this one .
rt @fitcchh : white girls that talk ghetto&lt;&lt;&lt ; you 're not cute&#128514 ;
i mean you 're white , you really have nothing to complain about .
why are rednecks such ignorant morons ?
any idiot who goes and decides to take it in their own hands , violently , will end up shot violently like the fool that they are and then really cause their family financial problems .
i 'm sorry but just because clinton supporters do n't walk around chanting her name & acting ignorant does n't mean they do n't exist , they just are n't going all loud & idiotic like trump supporters . "
literally looking like something out of ferguson , so much for the bs ideal that white people do n't riot " 

 i hope they are n't this dumb come nov 8th because i 'm sorry but he 's going to lose .
the truth is that the majority of trump supporters ca n't vote because they 're felons , have n't registered and/or do n't believe they should have too , or are too small a # to win an election .
too many influential people are voting for clinton and their followers are voting along with them .
that 's reality .
i 'm not a fan of either of these clowns but at this rate even i 'd let her win .
he would have to veto the entire appropriation of funds the legislature has already approved .
meaning no money available to pay the pfd checks to the people .
he would not be able to allocate or spend the funds .
the constitution of the state of alaska only allows him to line item veto spending .
he would throw the state of alaska into chaos and the economy would grind to a halt .
i support aborting shitskin babies and not white babies
by keep score you are officially a racist and quite possibly a white supremacist .
liberals expect you to keep paying your taxes and not keep track of the money .
what do you call a white person who likes to eat crackers ?
a cannibal .
< user > surprise fucking surprise he deletes his offensive tweets once again to hide his tracks so his moron followers will claim it was fake news made by the secret plot to kill all white people
" liberty counsel leaders believe the " fairness for all " concept offers a weak return for people of faith compared to what 's given to members of the lgbt community , gannam said . "
sounds a lot like " white pride " to me - rationalizing a need where none exists .
the dad oathed " i will kill the one who did this to my daughter ! ! "
then he shot himself .
1 year in jail is the typical penalty in anchorage for killing a white male in his 70 's is n't it ?
good thing it was n't a moose , that would have been 15 years !
the average whiteboy cuckasoid .
those pieces of degenerate shit are not even human and deserve to be mercilessly exterminated , ms-13 skinned - alive and taken apart by the joints style .
hey , twitter , @grasspunch is probably a rapist .
if you google his handle you can also see he 's a white stoner gamer .
shocking
who the hell has a shower at 3.30am ? ?
worst night 's sleep in months and it had to be when i have work in the morning .
who came up with $ 5000 in damage ?
the whole house is probably ruined .
anything that was touched by the fuel will stink forever .
it will cost $ 5000 just to haul off the haz mat .
< user > honestly if god is real that mfer needs to send another flood or something this shit is just straight monsterous add white americans obsessed with anime to the deadly sins list
put them all with the immigrants
fascinating .
the only highly qualified individuals are white males .
which lucky white cuck is gon na buy a video of me lotioning my feet agonizingly slow ;)   # findom # footfetish # footworship
as a white man growing up in eastern tennessee i felt the same .
then i moved to central north carolina .
the black women here are gorgeous across the socioeconomic spectrum and i m definitely attracted .
@scpwiki mentally unstable self conscious white man
i never really thought about it before but i guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper english .
what do you call a white man with a large dick ?
asleep , because that motherfucker is dreaming .
hey , girl , are you nuts ?
because i want to take you to a secluded but memorable spot in the woods and bury you there .
i like my women like i like my coffee without a penis
u / sinarious is a normie infiltrator troll , looking to get screenies of sperging out incels by posting triggering bullshit 
 out
nah fam i m 100 % white trash
a lot of people do n't care in general because the majority do n't need to worry about diversity / rep in media because the overwhelming majority already find themselves represented .
but that being said does n't mean they * should n't * care .
media should not fail to reflect on changing times in society by withholding trans characters , queer characters , disabled characters , etc .
so these are all very exciting times knowing that more representation is slowly being given out and i ca n't wait .
just has to be done right .
just awesome !
thanks to the many contributors !
( such a nice diversion from the current political headlines )
just because she 's an oc with a well known name slapped on her & amp ; has the basic badass attributes does not make her better than laurel .
< user > < user > are you an angry femi nazi too 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
i knew it , the cars in timeless river are fucking monsters and i hate them
what 's the difference between brussels city and brussels sprouts ?
one needs to be destroyed , the other needed to be destroyed .
u / glitterbritches : " incels are incels cuz they re white "
< user > < user > wow i did not know retarded people knew how to tweet good for you buddy
somalian girls are shy 😂 😂 ... they fear saturday jokes with us 😌
white supremecy is a " political viewpoint " now ? ? ? ?
what am i reading hear !
and why are you trying to defend it ?
if these defenses continue it simply gives the impression that the right = white supremecy .
is that what you want ?
you guys should be distancing yourselves from these people .
do you know realize what a political loser this tact is ?
what do you call a white woman with a yeast infection ?
crackers with cheese
pretty empty victory if you ask me .
they were getting handily beaten by the real leaders before this disqualification nonsense .
if they had an ounce of dignity , they 'd hand the prize over to the real winners and stick it to the overzealous rules board .
too much mental gymnastics .
if you 're looking for a fuck buddy go on tinder .
they are planting evidence suggesting that europe was moslem land to make moslems feel more entitled and the native europeans feel more guilty therefore easier to submit and surrender to islam it psychological warfare
lifeguards are paid for dragging crying kids out of pools .
apparently when i do it it ’s ‘ illegal ’ and got me a ban from the leisure center
i 'm just asking you about the words you claimed are fruity and gay , and how they 're fruity and gay .
you have not yet answered that question .
i 'm starting to believe you ca n't .
if the people who supported trump do n't get what they want , i believe they will turn on him with their guns and create chaos throughout the us .
remember these very people are supporters of the ku klux klan , the nra , and so many other white supremacists - all those people with swastikas marring their bodies .
what do you call a white guy with a big dick ?
michael jackson .
and cucked by jew - loving anglos
so you admit that using material from vox is " for the impaired . "
got it .
" rt @__purerayne : when your cycle is coming and you try to keep your " " crazy bitch side " " in a cage & # 128580 ; "
i would fuck your little white boy pussy until you die , ur just another beta whitey pretending to be black on the internet , fucking bitch
i get bitches on tinder
i do n't really understand why everybody seems so okay with that .
oy vey the shoah blue bloods last night had a white guy doing polar bear hunting knockout game of elderly at least he wasn t blond this time like hawaii < number > < number > did with last nights innocent moslem framed for terror
rt @thedarrengo : # americaisoverparty i told yall caucasian , cousin fucking , incest fucks to not vote for trump now look what yall di …
if using my platform to be as queer and gay etc as possible online means other people become comfortable with being themselves too , then i will continue to do this to my grave .
this experience alone is enough to never stop me from being me .
got ta be able to talk to the perps and the tmt protectors .
you white republican atheists who stayed home will pay the price ... you can forget your tax break now !
< user > search the catholic church too they are a money grubbing organization sponsoring the refugee invasion
the guy that wrote it was forced last year to say it wasn t about jews because a lot of people including myself were memeing it everywhere it is so accurate < number > scene is of a fight and it goes too far but the rest is just brilliant
this man looks so fucking fine with just his white t shirt amp gold chain on — brb gon na make him my man
restrictions on basketball hoops in wickliffe , willowick parks curb complaints , but some players are n't happy - cleveland.com city puts out curfew of 5 pm , and puts steering wheel locks on city park basketball hoops to curb tnb .
burn the borders to the ground
i truly hate that these bitch ass niggas can just walk around as if they did real time .
5yrs off 35yr sentence !
did n't even get charged with murder bitches should n't even be able to step foot no fuckin where .
it will forever be r.i.p @lilbro457 and fuck who do n't like it ‼️
david james and the adn only further the leftist narrative of racial appropriations .
one may now consider the incarceration of japanese alaskans a mistake , but never " shameful , "   and americans have nothing to apologize for , nor any other measures during war , up to and including the use atom bombs .
.
james conveniently leaves out that the japanese gathered intelligence on alaska many years before the war started , and that japanese killed and wounded thousands of alaskans and americans in their attacks and invasion of our country .
he also leaves out that much of the relocating- both of japanese and alaska natives- during the war was done out of their protection .
.
james ' weak , parting jab at our president only further proves his leftist bias .
the only thing he " illuminates " is that leftist opinion pieces such as this have the same common denominators of false narrative and social justice warrior rhetoric running though them .
nazis and klan are not " white nationalists " 
 they 're nazis and kkk
the adn has decided that dermot , elise , and sometimes charles ( oh and who can forget shannyn ) are their editorial voice .
paul jenkins is the only conservative voice but he is very establishment for us radical libertarians .
if the adn mission is to be a left wing rag - mission accomplished .
but somewhere down deep they might still believe in journalism .
i do n't know .
time will tell .
i say it 's time americans bare arms and fight for our country from these illegal immigrants !
this is our country !
militia needs to rise to assist ice .
you should read before posting because your own link says you are wrong !
from your link : 

 a commonly held misconception concerning the rules of marine navigation is that by following specific rules , a vessel can gain certain rights of way over other vessels .
no vessel ever has absolute " right of way " over other vessels .
rather , there can be a " give way " ( burdened ) vessel and a " stand on " ( privileged ) vessel , or there may be two give way vessels with no stand on vessel .
a stand on vessel does not have an absolute right of way over any give way vessel , for if there is a risk of collision , a stand on vessel may still be obliged under rule 2 and rule 17 to give way so as to avoid it , if doing so will be effective and is practicable .
two power - driven vessels approaching each other head to head , are both deemed to be " give way " and both are required to alter course so as to avoid colliding with the other .
neither vessel has " right of way " .
@anniec0429 ugly white bitch
" climate change " 
 no one denies climate change .
to say that they do when the subject is man - affected climate change is very misleading .
and of course we are having climate warming , we are still coming out of the last ice age .
the question is the extent to which human activity is having this affect , and we do not know the answer to this .
oh yeah it 's because they study so hard and their family 's value education ect ect ......
“ the only white guy that i despise is the chump . ”
the only one , huh ?
for one so evidently hung up on skin color , that seems unlikely at best .
“ he is sick , vile and disgusting .
he is dividing our country . ”
that sounds more like obama .
i ca n't wait to move to an area where i can be surrounded by racist white folks with guns .
" " " @trendinaliang : the 3 most active users for # smsgjos were : @bennycapricorn ( 131 tweets & amp ; rts ) @alutadarf ( 51 ) @disturbingjos ( 33 ) — # trndnl "
@senblumenthal you really are dumb as a box of rocks .
think we are deaf , dumb and blind ?
we see what s going on at the border , we feel the effects of it all across the country .
and i am sure our troops would rather be at borders than afghanistan 's , or iraq 's , or syria 's or africa 's etc .
a supposedly voluntary poll is now ensconced by cmhc as " real data " .
evan siddal hard at work providing misinformation on behalf of the banks , liberal party , communist party ?
tom : the southern poverty law center is the leading organization for tracking racists and hate groups in the usa , outside of the fbi .
and they list the nation of islam as a racist group that spreads hatred .
and ali has been a member ever since 1964 .
they are an extremist fringe sect of islam with less than 40,000 members .
so it is not i that is judging the nation of islam , the southern poverty law center is .
just read what they say about the nation of islam at the link i have posted :       https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/group/nation-islam 

 here is quote from their description of noi : 

 " the nation of islam 's theology of innate black superiority over whites and the deeply racist , anti - semitic and anti - gay rhetoric of its leaders have earned the noi a prominent position in the ranks of organized hate . "
i guess that you are ok with their bashing and denigrating of lgbt people too .
i condemn all hate groups listed on the splc website .
do you ? ? ?
corporate sa should take strong action by requiring kpmg to explain itself pronto , and if justified pull their audit business .
if the auditors are crooked , corporate governance becomes meaningless .
it 's okay to have an unpopular opinion but now you 're trying to pass it off as fact , and factually speaking your statement is incorrect .
i would agree that em is the greatest white rapper of all time , and a top 5 rapper of all time , but to say he 's the only good white rapper shows a complete ignorance to the genre . [ ... ]
and him being " motivational " has nothing to do with his talent , i mean lil yachty is motivational ffs
the left just got caught in their own trap they promote islam and inter racial marriage mudsharks etc now they want to eliminate freedom of association and not mix it up you can not fix stupid
that 's great .
lgb(not so much t ) people are fully accepted into the church .
it 's when you start having gay " marriages " and gay " sex " is a problem .
i 'm a bisexual myself .
you just need to not express the gay part .
gas the jews ?
i do nt get why having 3 kids is such a burden for white people .
what do you call a white guy with a big dick ?
michael jackson .
i am posting everything via gab so it officially not on twitter < user > ‍ therefore you have no reason to shut down and censor my account again for exposing truth and historical facts about the violent ideology of islam
" some people debated whether corn pops have a gender . "
cereal has no damn gender .
jesus f'n christ .
somehow i bet he does n't have a problem working on a character called " black bolt " who is actually a white character .
just as stupid .
i want more than 5 private repos in github gdi .
you must with total conviction admire the total hypocrisy of the lpc .
no - one can beat them on that score .
hand picked candidates vetted by the pm .
if you ca n’t state your position in eight words , you do n’t have a position . —
seth godin @sethgodinblog # quote
they should be released and celebrated as heroes of morality .
confiscate the media empire of soe filth jew a d give it to these kids thrw the jew in jail for corrupting our nations youth by promoting shit for niggers
what a waste , wish her well , but the us is not as impressed with children pushing causes they are ignorant of ! ,
david hogg , perfect example .
white people have organized crime , we have chief and council , 

 cree comedian on aptn talk show .
what the fuck .
get help
you know who 's really messed up ?
rush limbaugh .
he plays the national anthem on his radio show .
without warning it is coming .
what are drivers supposed to do ?
if you listen and are n't driving , do you stand ?
what if you 're a passenger ( wearing a seatbelt ) when it comes on ? ?
and the driver wo n't stop .
and you 're in a sedan .
what if , as has actually happened with me present , the car is moving and there 's a kid in a car seat ? ?
you are seriously sick wallah < user > i hate you
100 % agreed .
as a bisexual man who has actually recently come out , it annoys me to see that we can let everyone be proud of their sexuality .
everyone deserves to be proud of who they are .
if ur do n't like our nation perhaps you should choose another nation to live in .
north korea seems like it would suit u.
get a load of this nigger .
url
so it seems fagbook let me back in but let see how long that last before the ghetto welfare queens kings pc sjw and trannies start whining and blocking me from my free speech rights
oh well why did not you say you are nazi trailer trash to begin with let see — idf chick on the left or lisa white trash nazi gangbang slut on the right hm decisions decisions i will go with the idf chick run along nazi scum
... " allowing a growing number of illegal aliens to circumvent the whole regular immigration process is sure to win the swelte   justin and his crew some brownie points on the international scene too . "
yes , because misery loves company ...
what a tortured little soul is putting a period after every word the white people version of clapping your hands as you speak it been a long time since i have seen your what a dolt
newbie here , saw this on twitter , i am trying as i am so tired of conservatives being blocked and banned .
i do not wanna be a super reacher but something is telling me that lil girl did not lie about them white boys bullying her and cutting her hair i am wondering if the family is doing this cuz they fear for her safety 🤔
it 's mental illness as long as the perp is white and male and not muslim or an immigrant from a mulsim country and male .
his tweets from both tragedies were posted side - by - side and the reactions were so telling .
jaden exhibits all of the characteristics of a gay psychopath .
fact .
millennial icon .
some good info and perspective here , thanks .
i thought harper had committed to the 2 % but you 're right , it was " aspirational " .
http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/canadian-politics/canada-and-germany-derail-nato-request-to-increase-military-spending-targets
wow .
totally different circumstances .
that 's depressing .
i remember a time when a key difference between a dinner party in toronto vs. montreal was that in toronto there would always be a fair bit of time discussing real estate or mortgages .
in montreal , it was considered impolite .
fish :     on your crusade for helping people , why do n't you go over there and have dinner with them ? ? ? ?
they are getting help because they are on federal medical disability ,   and you are paying for their poor health   because of their continued drug use .
as captain of our neighborhood watch program , i am court mandated to report illegal activities .
i do smear our bad neighbors , i do turn them in to law enforcement if they are using , dealing meth , weed , whatever is illegal .
currently ,   for the last 2 years now , we have our good   neighborhood back , with good , honest ,   law abiding people living here .
the residents and their children feel safe here .
that christian shit gon get him stopped .
what do you call a white person addicted on crack ?
a doublecracker .
no chinks niggers or redskins ah i can already tell by the blunt racist dialogue from one of the white characters in the opening scene that this is going to be a good exploitation film
i remember my redneck racist uncle once saying that minorities were gon na drive the us to a civil war nope it the racist white president who does not wanna go to jail
< user > < user > it should not be about muslim hindu and all he is a citizen of ths country just like all of us
what a joke .
no one has given a thought to a syrian who needs the grace 1 oil cargo to maybe take his sick child to hospital , after a devastating war that these murderous western shitbags conducted on behalf of israel in his country .
right ?
our government , after fucking up their countries and forcing them to come here , takes their kids away from them .
pretty fucked .
< user > i just seen u say u want a neck tat but a portrait ghetto alright young m a
look you were useful in that you gave me the opportunity to express my own views and a backdrop against which to set it but i am done and you are boring so goodbye oh and jews did not put blacks in south africa reality did that long before we got there
like this post or i ’ll snap the neck of every white child because black lives matter
why tf is the seoul immigration office for the inner seoul districts outside of seoul
a ticket maybe ----but sure as heck not charged with murder .
when has any adult been charged with murder because their passenger was n't wearing a seat belt ?
i was n't in the courtroom and i assume you were n't either .
the judge was and heard all the evidence .
it clearly shows this guy was n't given a rough ride----and in fact it appears he stood up and bounced himself around inside the back of the van .
this , in my opinion , was a simple case of a black prosecutor showboating for blacks across america -- by talking tough when she had to know she had no facts to back up her charges .
the only victims in this case are the poor police who have had their reputations and lives changed forever because of the bogus charges .
i hope they all personally sue the prosecutor .
how do you put a white person in a jar ?
you ca nt , crackers usually come in boxes
lol this nigga actually believes those retarded black israelites
if you listened to msm you would think blacks are still slaves in america .
😂 😂 😂 😂
thanks , clayton .
i think it is fixed now .
yeah .
but ... he cried .
like control yourself faggot .
reddit really is the homo of the internet
one wonders why hi has more people on welfare than workers ? ? ?
oh ! ! ! !
democrats -- just like the other d states ! !
< user > the indisputable fact is that the majority of the illegal immigrants in india are muslim there should be a policy to tackle the issue of illegal immigration irrespective of their religion what are your suggestions
you cum for naked homos ?
" independent party platform ? "
are " independent " and " party " mutually exclusive in politics ?
black pride = being black and proud 
 gay pride = being gay and proud 
 white pride = nazi !
the only reason normies come her is to urge incels with mental issues to kill themselves
hey cupcakes it was a clean hit !
presenting sensitive parts to a person you 're hostile with for a potentially painful procedure could end up backfiring . "
lol i called this guy an uneducated white piece of shit yesterday and guess what ?
i got to rip the hair off his tiny nuts and watch him scream today hashtag smash the patriarchy " .
yea , that could have been better thought out beforehand .
to me it 's about ethics .
ethical slut ?
you do you !
unethical slut ?
shameful .
you talk like a white girl .
at work but horny af , i want to go home to play with my pussy # horny # pussy # cum # dick # sendnudes   send your dicks and pussy # badbitch
you all why can not bi and pan girls use the word dyke if you are a queer woman it should not matter your particular label you should be allowed to use that slur idk i just think it not other people thing to monitor especially if they are not a lesbian themself
< user > not this man clocking your chicken legs with the white womens walking shoe 😭 he did not come to date he came to read
defacing etc really unlike the peaceful arabs u follow to much fake news israel here to stay
hope that stonewater support the lgbtq+ community they work with better than the shitty way they treat our care leavers .
@swindoncouncil
thanks for this insight into canola oil .
it 's an interesting article .
it 's a bit odd , though , how the point about processing methods using hexane and bleach slides past .
are there others out there who do n't want to eat oils that are refined using harsh chemicals ?
i 'm certainly not comfortable with the possibility of these residues remaining in staple foods -- especially since these oils are considered safe enough to heat to very high temperatures .
the canola may be stable , but any residues that exist may not be stable at high temperatures .
also , it 's not clear how the oil used at langdon hall in the sorbet is processed .
it suggests a cold - pressing method is used , however , it 's not clear how this is done , and whether or not it involves harsh chemicals .
maybe looking at different oil extraction methods ( generally ) is worth exploring in a follow - up piece .
i see it still goes over your head that no matter the persons worldview , murdering people and bragging about it is simply fucked up ... the same way i disdain us military invading and destroying other countries , or israel fucking up palestine !
this world is far far away from being civilized and that 's a fact ...
women are uniquely qualified to resolve the vocation crisis and the universal priest shortage .
vatican condemnations , ( male ) clerical opinions and the slavish adherence of catholic right - wingers to their favorite and select traditions are not working , and never did work , and never will work .
if iran become like iraq and if i were iranian - i set all iranian oil fields in fire by nuclear explosion and let fallout take its place for a thousand of years !
i do not think i am prettier i know it and you know it too and it drives you nuts so you post about me being an animal killing me you want the beautiful white women gone you are just the darker side of shitskin beautiful white people something you will never be
long dead redneck friend of mine when discussing basketball said i have never seen a nigger run so fast unless he had a tv under each arm
< user > < user > no stop saying its normalised for men we all know how much muslim women sleeps with non muslims they ditch us for white men they think kafirs will convert they just pump n dump muslimas every year < number > women gets pregnant in uk by non muslims source bradfordislam
i swear these little queers have nothing better to than make themselves miserable
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
latitude:16.8 , longitude:-64 , windspeed:167 mph , pressure:916 , heading : wnw , datetime:9/19/2017 9:00:00 pm , travel speed:10 mph
cultural appropriation is it culture appropriation for a white man to hang themselves ?
just because she 's an oc with a well known name slapped on her & amp ; has the basic badass attributes does not make her better than laurel .
black pride = being black and proud 
 gay pride = being gay and proud 
 white pride = nazi !
- 
 hypocrisy is worse than racism .
everything was great until u & clothesoff showed back up .
people need to stop with the " breaking " about al asad .
the information is already both old and wrong .
everything is fine at al asad .
omg twitter you are killing me with dumb this morning .
@goutliernews show me a video of whites doing something comparable .
just one .
i can show you whole twitter accounts dedicated to this insanity .
do n't shoot me i 'm just the messenger , fool .
start screaming at your brothers .
and it 's not a " gross misgeneralization " i can & will prove you wrong .
why was johnny sad because he had a frog stapled to his face
judging by your retarded limey accent i highly doubt your ass has any say regarding american policies and considering i am an american citizen you are gona have a hard time making a case against me old sport
< user > < user > shit that s a lot of white people in one photo pier would love that
if i ca n't get this , you guys definitely ca n't !
the upshot of this whole issue is that the state of hawaii , the federal government and the people who live , work and visit here have failed to protect our endangered species .
despite all of the tireless efforts of dedicated staff and volunteers to restore native plants and animal species , there seems to be little " political will " to properly fund and enforce regulations and staffing .
the dlnr has been the stepchild of the state government for years , and its ability to protect native species and historic sites has been severely impaired by political interference and lack of support .
sadly , even some native hawaiians do not understand the cultural significance and kuleana , responsibility to protect their sisters and brothers in nature .
as a native hawaiian myself , i was pleased when keith robinson shared thousands of his seed collections from rare native plants with the public so that these could be grown in people 's back yards .
to preserve a species , make it plentiful again .
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear . ”
― george orwell
remind the retarded shitlibs that we are inaugurating the president of the united states donald j trump happens to be it this term imagine the outrage if even one person on the right protested or did not show up for obamas inauguration grow up maga
tin tức phòng khám nam khoa men 's healt được lên báo nước ngoài .
[ * * men 's health**](url has started an initiative to provide examination and consultation facilities for the lgbtq community in vietnam .
the organization believes that individuals irrespective of their genders should receive proper medical facilities .
source : [ url
why did the terroract in france happen ?
because wild pokémon appeared !
sexy wish i could fuck that ass .
wanna snap eachother and get off
that 's crazy .
stop posting faggot
lol .
what percentage of black americans vote republican ?
and why is that ?
because republicans ca n't stop putting their collective foot in their mouth and equating all black americans with welfare and demonizing black americans while pandering to the angry white base .
maybe stop propagating the tired old propaganda of the helpless , feeble black american who is passively waiting for a welfare handout like pavlov 's dog waits for a treat .
because this is why the gop ca n't earn the black vote .
the modern gop has no intention of trying to earn the black vote .
they 're still getting too much mileage demonizing and infantilizing black americans in order to court the racist , white backlash vote .
southern strategy .
thanks for the polite if condescending pat on the head , though , gop , as you dismiss 38 million black americans and sloppily paint all with one obscenely wide brush .
you might be interested in this article explaining why these cook inlet earthquakes are so impactful in areas beneath south central .
" cook inlet basin amplifies earthquake shaking " 
 by ned rozell .
http://www.gi.alaska.edu/alaska-science-forum/cook-inlet-basin-amplifies-earthquake-shaking
< user > i was raped < date > april ain t shit lol cancelapril
you ca n’t always get what you want .
but , if you ’re lucky , you get what you need . ” ―
justin bieber , first step 2 forever
< and , it 's becoming increasingly apparent , ( trump is ) equally willing to lie , dissemble and fabricate .
> 
 i intended my comment to say that pence is as willing as trump and trump 's other sycophants to " lie , dissemble and fabricate . "
i 'm sorry if my expression of that idea was imprecise .
thank you for the quote from today 's liturgy of the word ; apt indeed .
and happy st. luke 's day to you .
more vile anti - american drivel from the leftist .
this so - called reporter is just a propagandist that would kill white babies to further her sick demented cause .
they hate trump and his normal american family more than reagan .
she is screaming cuss words and sordid epithets on the inside but must make the article look " civil " .
the incessant liberal whine continues
it absolutely is this non whites will save us from white genocide rhetoric is garbage into the trash discarded voting wo nt accomplish anything the system is designed to prevent that as i said general strikes self defense squads mass marches etc we need less than < number > of whites
why ?
you people rarely leave the trailerpark .
we 'll just let you drink yourself silly and and play with your precious tactical toys till the problem sorts itself out .
beta cucks taking themselves out of the gene pool , one dipshit at a time
< number > of < number > being one court ruling away from yet another national moral failure is no way to live also what has scotus given us over the years but sanctioned infanticide forced racial integration birthright citizenship for foreigners homosexual marriage the god given right to self determination being declared nonexistent
i 'm never taking the metro to go see a dude who has a car .
if he does n't offer to come pick you up , he does n't care about you , sis .
so us govt should not step in when people practice sharia law , because they are following their religion 's law ?
ah , the battlecry of the church defender !
demand proof of the obvious , then debate the standards applied to the proof , then bicker about definitions .
the proof is in the open .
point out the statement you claim is not supported .
along with feral humans , should all " feral " beings be treated the same way .
i vote no !
oh philippines , i m a pinoy i m proud
< user > eggzactamundo negro i m just saying i m looking thru her tweets and ion think she gets it
like , have the sick people have a last rough hatefuck with her before they check out .
if you attractive people just gone up and assume you got hoes
i would normally not hit a woman but nazi barbie needs to gets a fat slap on the mouth .
this stupid twit talks too much .
+ jason jason mother fucker should 've ducked .
i always say shoot more white boys .
this progression in our society moving further and further away from the bible is not progress .
it is moral insanity and it needs to stop ! . . . #
bible # progressive # god # morality # ideas # family # civilization url
arab attack the quitter
it 's bullshit how i still have to go to class even though i 'm sick as hell
now i 'm getting fucking sick omg like i wanna fucking cry
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
even backwards banana republic , third world shitholes , have a citizenship question on their census survey 😂 😂 😂 😂
blacks invented reading
do you make cocktirbute my girlfriend ? #
cocktribute # cumtribute # horny # wanktribute # cuckold # cockslut # cumslut ..
@jacti0nj2 @sheisyoana u gon fall back and lose her to a nigga on ya tl
wow your a manly man 😅
< user > < user > have you actually spoken to immigrants about their experience of friendly australians or are you triggered by this statement you will find racism is alive and well here down under if you are not a white european
i 'm a muslim , and i say that all christians are hypocritical idiots and need to just go die .
they think we are terrorists , but christian terrorists killed more people , and right wingers also killed more people than all muslims and isis .
europe will fully convert to islam in 5 years and we will win .
then america will also become islamic , because that is true way .
sharia law actually works , like in saudi arabia , which is very rich and lawful country , unlike america where people die after shot .
that stupid white fuck stick does not know a damn thing about what black men in america go through only black men know that dummie ☮
< user > < user > < user > you call me names and then you follow me i am sorry i am not that desperate to settle for trailer trash like you
yeah i watch the history channel all the time and i am in all the honor classes i just wanted to do something and yes i do have the muscle to back it up .
this ignorant nigger
shame that our government send good men and women into conflicts that destroy their lives - and the lives of many others including children - for no good reason ; and oil is not a good reason .
we are committed to an ideology of pan - islamism and look with positivity toward all proposals of cooperation with our neighbors , but after decades of western , saudi , and zionist influence the middle east has become fractured by personal interest and we can not trust the ksa and it 's allies to treat us fairly .
perhaps this idea could be put to work in a more localized region though .
like our own two countries , iraq , the various central asian nations , and perhaps pakistan .
director writer joss whedon is a pos he will drum up as much violence as he can from the comforts of his bespoke couch maga
ca n't we just slowly start to kill white people at birth ?
lol
that 's it , i 'm calling the cops .
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
>   but failure to secure a conviction does not mean that no crimes were committed ... 

 or what about a judge throwing a case out before the trial even got going ?
the crown seems to have set the bar for prosecuting this case to be so low , the most skilled hula dancer would not have been able to get under it .
what is stupid about this case is that all political parties distribute ' favours ' to their supporters . (
i happen to know of a certain leader of a certain party who was told if he agreed to step down , he 'd be appointed to ' x ' or ' y ' .
he ended up getting ' y ' . )
if you want to outlaw this , go pass some legislation so that , for instance , would bar premier brown from hiring or giving contracts to anyone who has had any association with the p.c. party .
and in the midst of all this ' outrage ' , we seem to have lost sight of the ' benefit ' being offered : riding assistant for a sitting liberal mpp , y'know the sort of post that goes to ' a loyal supporter of the party ' .
it 's because they 're white but middle eastern so if you 're pro them you 're anti brown people
ask someone the question : how do you get an elephant into a safeway bag .
they should respond " i do n't know .
how ? "
you answer " you take the " f " out of " way " .
happy pride month to my fellow gays i love you all
if they are going to go after terrorists , how about the nra and the white extremists who populate america ?
thanksgiving is a great day shitposting to trigger neurotic shitlibs but you know what i will save that for the faggots over on twatter to all my gab fam a happy and blessed holiday take stock of your blessings and be thankful happythanksgiving
mythman , you 've got serious hate issues and are in dire need of inner healing .
peace brah .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
you can choose to be on the side that saves america or you can choose or be on @voxday 's side as the enemy , but you ca n't choose both .
< user > fought nazis only to come home and support a nazi makes sense 🙃 propaganda
dude if you 're illegal you are n't paying taxes because you do n't have a social security number .
you 're working cash jobs and paying nothing into the system .
< user > that gay but do mine
i 'm my best friend 's # 1 fan if nobody is there for her i 'm there for her because i know how it feels to not have anybody by your side & # 128109;&#128080;&#127997;&#128175 ;
leftie americans say arabs are white leftie brits say arabs are asian so the left really does believe people are transracial or is the left complicit with violently criminal arabs
" @beeasyjrizzy : u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussy"no bs must b & gt;30%chance
steve sailer do white award winners have to apologize to black losers from now on
thanks jews how it started
< number > dead due to floods this week in houston over < number > dead due to gun violence in chicago < number > hours of coverage from chicago on fox or cnn or oan or any network not saying there should be gun control just saying there is no news control
i really would love it if the cat would stop using our box spring as her scratching post 😭 😓 😡 😾
when all the technology starts fucking up ... do n't get upset or frightened just know it 's the end of this world as we know it
i want a crazy gf who do n't entertain these niggas and kinda mean 🤷 🏽‍ ♂ ️
if you are a self hating white a cuck a nigger or a kike and you have followed me here hoping to start shit the only thing you are going to do is get triggered
they be wondering why we be shooting the pussies up .
always got ta fuck with blacks and hispanics .
fuck these pigs .
ah yes , that 's it .
the gays are just so violent .
they are so busy with their own causes that they do n't see the storm that is brewing on the horizon .
ok , let 's look at the evidence .
does obama refer to himself a great deal , or is that " fake news " ?
https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=utf-8#q=obama+refers+to+himself&start=20 

 next .
< user > we get it women rule everything this country belongs to illegal aliens white men are evil and belong in prison and orange man bad will never wat h again
nigga fuck u & yo mama , my shit work too .. lil retard !
i 'm not trans , i 'm just happy for them being supported .
racism is not the same as prejudice , bigotry or ignorance .
black people , for example , can not be racist but they can be prejudiced .
they can be prejudiced against white people for example .
they can not , however , be racist because racism describes various aspects of a system of disadvantage based on race .
black people can not be racist because they do not benefit from such a system since such a system was designed specifically to deny them equality in american society .
i am white , of european descent , but am somewhat prejudiced against white people because they are frequently racist and rarely genuinely acknowledge the the racist reality faced by non - whites in american society .
< user > you should support families victims of illegal alien crime but you do not you should fight against abortion but instead you condone it including late term and even after a baby is born what a ghoul you are northam
great state of alabama yeah right the racist devil
feminism as a secular religion 
 what are your ideas on feminism being a secular religion ?
all people subject to bigotry should come together- there 's no need or purpose to separatism .
the best part of being trans , aside from transitioning , is the greater appreciation for other people 's situation that i 've gained from being victimised by bigotry and discrimination myself .
you talk like a white girl .
yellow kirby likes to wear women clothing
all overweight .. majority non white .
ok thanks , i 'll be avoiding that shithole before the next non white decides to go on a shooting spree .
of course these trained trumpanzee peckerwoods are silent ... that 's exactly what they 're all about , that 's exactly who they are , and that 's exactly what they 'll be for the remainder of their days .
the euro filth are incapable of evolving and they have proven that decade after decade .
rejoice in the fact that these inbred cretins are dropping like flies and becoming a minority .
thankfully , they will be taking their ignorance , hatred , and terrorism with them to their caskets . #
theywillbereplaced
chump change .
i would fuck you in the bed next to her .
then when she woke up i 'd keep fucking you .
you are way too beautiful to ever stop .
well make her est the creampie .
meanwhile crazy mayo is shooting up nigs
yikes !
i was all set to watch that until the writer told us what the subject matter was .
nope !
this coming from someone who enjoyed the new twin peaks .
the truth is trump needs a battery of psychiatric tests and routine drug tests to see if he 's on non - prescription illegal drugs .
we need a comprehensive house and senate independent investigation at once .
america is in real trouble .
if you ca n’t state your position in eight words , you do n’t have a position . —
seth godin @sethgodinblog # quote
you present one of the few rational arguments against health insurance coverage for abortions .
indeed , in the vast majority of cases abortions are elective .
like you i 'm pro - choice ... but an agnostic instead of an athiest .
i 'd be interested in someone presenting a counter - argument to your position re : coverage for an elective procedure .
any takers ?
regards , gary crum
" basing itself on sacred scripture , which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity , tradition has always declared that " homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered . "
they are contrary to the natural law .
they close the sexual act to the gift of life .
they do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity .
under no circumstances can they be approved .
the number of men and women who have deep - seated homosexual tendencies is not negligible .
this inclination , which is objectively disordered , constitutes for most of them a trial . " (
ccc 2357 - 2358 ) 

 this term " disorder " does not refer to the person himself .
catholic teaching is that the homosexual inclination and homosexual acts are directed towards an end not intended by god , mutual complementarity , marriage , and procreation , which lead to man 's flourishing and happiness .
the sexual attraction between male and female is naturally ordered toward this good ; same sex attraction is not .
i hate when those little white kids try and act black .
like bitch you are white
daily reminder that i hate niggers jews moslems but what i hate more than anything else are anti white white people
i m unbelievably attracted to bi girls .
especially with dominant energy , does nt have to be dom though .
works in my favour though haha
oh dear , full on white genocide right there .
asian nigga at the beginning a straight bitch boi lookin ass
foreign did you note the shitskins with work visas censoring white americans republicans that just the shit workers ads sponsors and the use of secret filters oh boy election meddling and then some
doxxing anyone is not free speech any more than libel or slander or calls to commit violence are free speech
my coworker told me he was a pansexual & amp ; explained to me what that meant ... i feel him .
that 's dope
she finally accepts that she is meant to be nothing but a black - only fuck pig .
no more innocence or sweetness , just a white slut to be used
leftie americans say arabs are white leftie brits say arabs are asian so the left really does believe people are transracial or is the left complicit with violently criminal arabs
" " " everybody gets a cousin ! !
sorry , i was raised by white people .
i do n't know no better " " lmao # thisisus "
yeah , 500 wounded , 59 dead and this is not the time to wonder when it is my turn , my families and friends turn to be out in and killed by one man from a hotel window on the upper floor story .
now if it was a muslim terrorist who killed 59 americans and shot up another 500 while praying to allah and seeking all those virgins after he committed suicide you would be with the rest of the wingers and trump saying " i told you so "   and using this event for the biggest ant - muslim campaign since 9/11 and turn it on from all news media outlets and twitter before the bodies of the victims were even removed .
in fact some right wing news media started on the muslim terrorists attack when the event was still going on .
they were hoping ... it was not some old rich white since dude that does not play into their narrative .
what does a white person use for target practice ?
a public school .
communist revisionists on the city council in austin tx voted to eliminate columbus day use indigenous people instead said columbus was violence hatred they just dissed all italians un freaking believable
hey , dad " dad , i had sex last night . "
the dad , very proud of his son for losing his virginity , said : " sit down and tell me about it . "
" ... i ca n't . "
jew haters !
terrorist lovers !
omar hates america and wants to annihilate americans .
she loves al - queida & hamas
public employees find public employees not overpaid .
ok watching the kelly bitch on fox showing the altright group some members giving the salute exposure red pill baby < number >
another trumpkin white supremacist terrorist piece of shit .
i looked at the watch that previously mentioned $ 6026 , i settle for that my mammy relative had been realie accepting trade out their extra time from their portable pc phone .. there mothers best frend has done this for under eleven months and as of late bought the home loan on their lodging and got an astounding new mclaren f1 .
we tend to looked here ...... 

 go to this connection .... > > www.earn-yelp.com
if a nigga ai n't never put you in a house , put you in a car , or put you in a position to make some money .
he never did shit for you .
stop looking for a mother fucker to get your hair done & some shoes thats broke bitch behavior 💯
unless mudshark no whites act that entitled
looking for other mras to add on skype 
 my skype : 
 cmbishop1@hotmail.com 

 i might start up an mra skype group .
why was johnny sad because he had a frog stapled to his face
wtf do n't these idiots get ... their here illegally
george w. bush took a shot at trump : called trump a bigot 

 george was not wrong .
bush also said , " bigotry or white supremacy in any form is blasphemy against the american creed , ” 

 bush and tillerson both have told america the truth .
lw1,give her a list with your prices for your work .
i do n't understand why u or your girlfriend would feel guilty for not answering the door .
i let some people knock on my door for 1/2 hour and still wo n't answer .
if u do n't call before u come u just do n't get in .
do i feel guilty , hell no .
this is good to hear .
it shows , once again , that anything controlled by lying , liberal democrats who constantly " cow - tow " to any violence by , or even suggested by , trouble making racist , anti american neeee -- gro groups are always left to " pick up the pieces " .
tragically , it is usually the white american taxpayers who always foot the bills .
all liberal colleges and universities should be closed down ... they are nothing but cesspools of racist , anti american , lying liberal democrat ideology .
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
when i was pregnant with the little dude i showed one of my professors the ultrasound & he pointed to the photo & asked , " is that the penis ? "
it was his leg .
our obsession with baby genitals is sexist , transphobic , & also really , really weird .
url
minority borrowers are still more likely to get turned down for conventional mortgage loans than white people with similar credit scores .
an urban insititute data analysis found that mortgage denial rates from government - sponsored servicers are higher for black applicants with bad credit than for white applicants with bad credit : 

 a study published this year in the journal of personality and social psychology found that participants estimated black boys to be older and less innocent than white boys of the same age .
when participants were told that the boys , both black and white , were suspected of crimes , the disparity in perceptions of age and innocence became more stark : 

 white americans use drugs more than black americans , but black people are arrested for drug possession more than three times as often as whites .
black men receive prison sentences 19.5 percent longer than those of white men who committed similar crimes , a 2013 report by the u.s. sentencing commission found .
we 're being brigades again - nearly 900 normtroopers have appeared 
 maybe if you tell us to shower and get a hair cut again , our facial structure will fundamentally change and i 'll gain 8 " of height
white dude wins the nobel for lit again , shocking , next you 'll tell me his novels speak to a universal human experience
un decries police use of ' excessive force ' on russian protesters url
the straights have discovered the real gay agenda !
it 's time to run .
hail satan .
eat shit redneck cunts
sub < number > dispshit the gender queers almosy unanimously align with the other side hence why i said i m happy to fight them slow down and think a little bit before you respond tends to help
the people right behind this nigga they are all bloody sonmother bitcheeez
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
entitled mudshark whines she too fine to work
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
< user > why would anyone watch whigger garbage like this show in the beginning
< user > < user > all white men do is lie and colonize nothing else
this desire to be considered queer just to not be criticized by the queer community is dangerous .
def co - opting & amp ; def lacking respect
everybody go report this unseasoned ass stupid ass hamster smelling ass cracker bitch that thought it was funny to say this racist shit .
i m fucking tired of u pink people !
url
< user > < user > maximum inclusivity we are all white supremacists now
interesting all this yelling about women and misogyny , when 53 % of them ( white ) voted for trump .
progressives are the worst of all babies when they lose .
i like clean water , i like electricity and police and great canadian   soldiers .
i like civil servants who keep it all running relatively smoothly .
i like the cbc and i like teachers , scientists and professors .
i like doctors and nurses .
oh and a firemen in case there 's a fire .
i like roads and bridges and good transit .
i like beautiful parks and a fair justice system .
i like these things because it 's a much better country with them around .
taxes pay for them   there 's a lot more that i like but i think you see the point .
the private sector often sells me crap i do n't need and causes more problems then they solve .
make money and do well and that 's great but for gods sake pair your fair share like other citizens or go to china or mexico and complain there .
the taxes are much cheaper .
if liking these things makes me a left winger then what the hell is a conservative   except a whining freeloader who pretends to know the cost of everything and clearly knows the value of nothing .
gay school ... i hope i could shove my hoe into these bitches ass
you exactly told me that you read everything on here , yes .
< user > < user > < user > < user > but guilty by every white person
why in < number > < number > were there black refugees from south africa allowed in us did you know that will try and get the link
i can relate to the white boys rage at young women these days back in my day the late 9 0 and early 2 0 0 0 the girls were not really copying ghetto culture it was the white boys and we called them wiggers gross
.
" will trump make america white again ? "
well , he better .
the 30 % or so support trump is managing to hold on to is white , uneducated , far right , get your guns out , do n't trust anything / anyone that 's not white and religious .
in better " circles " aka " white trash " .
so yeah , that 's the plan .
go back a 150 years or so when america was " great " because it sure s hell is not great now and has not been for years / decades .
might as well bring back slavery .
as an economic " model " , it 's unbeatable .
there was a reason why the united states became as wealthy as they did , and education / brains was not that reason .
.
nashedi cucks invading our pure vegetarian hindu subreddit .
wish niggas could network just as much as they beef .
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
provisional arrangements for disbursing oil revenues from the development fund for iraq … ” 244 438 .
mr straw attached a revised ipu
nj is the shit stain of america dems are pussies afraid of their own shadows i hope muslims piss on every white nigger in jersey fucking scum
disgusting piece of pure racist white trash , like all the rest .
yeah , not like those liberated hollywood types who just rape women and children .
definitely morally superior .
nobody : sirbuckets : i 'm a mentally retarded fuckboy
i never really thought about it before but i guess bicycling is primarily a white activity , kind of like sunbathing , going swimming , playing golf , tennis , attending a social function without a brawl taking place , not smelling like a wild animal in the locker room after a hard workout , and speaking proper english .
the crime level grew much faster than the population growth , actually .
ah so subby rn 🥺 someone call me slut n kitty
19th january 1649 parliamentary puritans begin the trial of charles i he refuses to recognise the court
can doyoung and sejeong ib the star blossom mv please be my lesbian girlfriend and boyfriend
< user > < user > white neighbourhood < user > are you on drugs — or an agent provocateur across the west former ghettos chinatowns etc now are just quaint anachronisms because we are not racist you have had more time than you deserve no more patience for your stupid racist bullshit
hey , dad " dad , i had sex last night . "
the dad , very proud of his son for losing his virginity , said : " sit down and tell me about it . "
" ... i ca n't . "
very good points !
i looked into renting there once ;   too expensive and too small .
glad i went elsewhere !
dawson smith with a triple and a taylorville timeout shoes lead < number > < number > with < time > left
we have to watch no matter what we are to do in life even if we support all lives matter over all we are all just trying to normalize racism for the white man because the left said so .. 😂 😂 😂
i currently live in wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the ple concept .
what 's the worst way for a doctor to break the news to someone that they have cancer ?
like this : doctor : knock knock patient : who 's there ?
doctor : not your white blood cells , that 's for sure !
black culture encapsulated perfectly in all it ghetto splendor
really alex jones believes that the arabs in israel need to return to jordan where they actually came from because that my two state solution israel and jordan done and done
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
worcester train 527 ( 6:20pm from s station ) departed s station & amp ; is operating 5 - 15 minutes late en route to worcester # mbta
any of your " friends " should be supportive .
when i came out when i was 13 , i found out very quickly who my real friends were .
any friends that do n't respect your decision are n't your friends .
love to whatever you decide 💙 💙
i think your right about the r meaning registered trade mark .
@ori0n7 @helenzille did y' all want an equal and non - racial society when you were oppressing and colonizing blacks ?
how dare you think it 's your call to make while these injustices still continue .
i do n't see you fighting banks to treat blacks like they treat you .
read trump ran a campaign of nostalgia that was a comfort to millions of white people who watched their own ethnic cleansing in slow motion over half a century and wanted to put a stop to it fucking racists
as a lifelong denver broncos fan .... i will offcially say ... fuck off !
mike arnold may not be a good husband , may not be a good lawyer , may not be a good dad ... but who cares , he is everywhere online .
he has nothing to lose defending guilty people , gets paid , and if he eeks out small victories , it 's all good from a devil 's advocate standpoint .
does he actually work ?
there is no doubt that mike has a big presence on social media and fills his days posting on his law firms fb account and elsewhere stirring the pot and " spinning " information .
an exciting 24 hours in telecom with @youtubetv limited launch yesterday , and # xfinitymobile details unveiled this am !
how in the fuck are the hirshhorn tickets sold out already ? ! ? ! ?
person is a legal term .
blacks were n't people at one point as woman were not as well .
they literally are human beings .
such a goof .
they literally are an independent human .
if they are not human , what other organism are they ? "
hey guys maybe we should n't murder the unborn " * heavy breathing * " you just want to control women " you know what 's not a women 's body ?
her fetus .
it 's actually it 's own body .
so maybe she should " step off " and not murder it
i sort of wish they had .
the bundys are racist , selfish assholes hidig behind a mormon urban legend about the end times and they proved that if you 're white and have guns , the government will do nothing .
someone should have merced cliven and his shitheel sons
yes thank you mr president bc it is a big fresh change from the last < number > years of mudslimes running our country
well , the biggest idiot was the one in the car that killed and hurt those people .
that guy is going straight to jail and i 'm sure he 'll get the crap beat out of him , if he even lasts that long .
he was a white supremacist , so no love lost on that pile of waste .
hey little fella , keep this up and you 'll get two hero badges when you finally return home .
plus an extra large apartment with running water and toilets that flush directly into the yard of the neighbors .
i know its rough for you here in canada .
but fear not , you 'll be summoned home , real soon .
too funny
rs and i can put the money in escrow , lesterp.   how 's about it , rs ?
yes there is , and his name is trump .
he has demonstrated that he is a white supremacist over and over again .
and that 's just one of his disgusting traits .
& # 8220;@m_rad : i 'm going to miss these bitches so much & # 128557 ; http://t.co/lupoqat2r9&#8221 ; far right she resting on ol girl booty y' all funny as shit
i thought the route was going in an existing right of way .
if so fine tuning relates not to route selection but detailed construction procedures in proximity to structures that have been built up over the last 60   years since the original pipeline was built .
look at all you self important , self centered greedy white guys out there today with all your racist comments .... you are an embarrassment to the rest of us canadians
bitch how you like my nigga picture but don ’ t like mine 🤔 🤔 it ’ clearly the same picture of my son
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
kill ur self white trash
screw the academy awards .
i have much better taste than 100 % of white dudes so i 'm going to continue to like things i like suck it
to those comfortable with and supporting american white supremacist social , political , economic , " legal " and educational precepts , polices and practices -- but are unwilling to expose themselves to justifiable outrage by openly saying so -- incoherent argument is sop .
it 's not " fashionable " to admit , " i 'm white , i 'm used to that constituting social advantage , i aim to keep it that way and will resist anyone who attempts to change it . "
not fashionable , but it would be more honest than the underhanded " code words " that express the same ideas .
how do you kill a redneck ?
wait until he fucks his sister then cut the breaks to his house
@mikecheck_123 the favorite drink of white trash everywhere ....
only when i am in the ghetto
@truthspeaker fuck your mother in her ass you non - spelling hillbilly .
how many islam political ideology followers are also animal activists
an honest moslem
petrows .................. the shooter was just as white and just as christian as trump .
.............. was the gun russian ?
do i take summer classes ? & #
129300 ; is an idiot ✔ ️ hates herself ✔ ️ looks like this operation is a go folks
when you make a cute ass video snap but you look lowkey ugly so you do n't know if you should post it or not & # 129300;&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️ # currently
be boomer grow up when access to information is heavily controlled along comes internet age have the world at your finger tips believe things even more retarded than when info was controlled
19th january 1649 parliamentary puritans begin the trial of charles i he refuses to recognise the court
2015 is the year i read no books by white cis men .
luckily , my goodreads queue is mostly not white cis men anyway .
nigger better keep his head down lolol an audit he wants an audit he will get
thug is a racist term used to describe black people .
black people started saying it 's racist , not me -- i'm simply trying to be a good progressive -- so we must do what they want in order to be more politically correct and all get along better , in peace and harmony .
that is the liberal way and we must all conform .
akilah now that is some dindu stereotypical shit right there akilah white muhfugga akilah taco when i be hungree akilah welfare check in a minute bitchez
if you did n't vote and you do n't have a damn good excuse ( " i had dysentery " ) you can go ahead and move to mars you are dead to me
lingard is n't ronaldo , he 's had awful games and pissed me off but moaning here like we just gave djemba djemba a 5 year deal ?
come on .
hate a boujie bitch i need ghetto vibes
if this is true the boy should be taught a lesson .
< user > i thought women do not fart
mark , your manic obsession with this topic is scaring the horses .
" a second teen victim recalls the stabbings .
says it took him awhile to realize it was n't a joke .
he heard someone yell " " run , he has a knife ! " " "
what are you on about , you tedious faggot ?
whenever somebody calls anybody a " racist " the correct response is :   " so what . "
in 2019 , to be called a " racist " is to be deemed a heretic by the globalist anti american world order !
you should be in prison , james .
# war @columbiabugle url url
breaking trump plan to send illegal immigrants to sanctuary cities is undergoing review sarah sanders says
< user > katniss was lesbian let ’ be honest
i really would love it if the cat would stop using our box spring as her scratching post 😭 😓 😡 😾
israel will never rest that is the curse of prophet moses on them .
he 's not saying it about " black people " he 's just saying it about " people who talk like black people " .
for some reason he thinks this is better .
¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
because if the nazis and white supremacists had their way , there would n't be any other colors of the rainbow .
the number < number > secret to a long lasting relationship .
< repeat > have lots of money .
dumb clown , slutty bitch and dumb bitch :-)
< user > that shows us how many white supremacist are in america scarry probably < number > < number > are nazi
status quo should not be sending money to foreign countries‼️ they should earn our support‼️ get the world off u.s. welfare‼️ @realdonaldtrump
lol lol,,it snowed then froze and a long branch broke off from a tree , probably overhanging the chena river .
then along comes mr beaver who says to himself,,"self,,this delicious fresh branch would make a good lunch " .
then he swims off with said branch in tow to his house .
i have heard alot of positive things / stereotypes about polish women towards indian men in poland .
i will be planning to travel to poland some day soon .
might give moldova a shot but it would be better if i could get a background info about the country i appreciate your advice
people like windbourne are great at that -- and they do it often .
would n't you rather have the princesses than captain america ?
the same in every white country
blacks in 1 8 0 0 lived better under white slavery than whites live under jew slavery today
< user > the lions share of african caribbean immigrants in the us have the same racist mentality as racist white americans and white europeans as a result such persons should never be allowed to portray themselves as native born black americans profiting off black american cultural
let 's encourage indiscriminate walking in the streets by restricting traffic to one , maybe two , lanes ?
just means more cars lined up together to get through .
unless we are hosting park block events 24/7 , why does n't the city just block off the entire area during planned events and let cars go around it to begin with ?
that would end the mix of oblivious pedestrians and so - called distracted drivers from interacting at all .
pedestrians tied to their cell phones already pose a safety issue for anyone near them .
how can splitting the baby work with this plan ?
< number > of americans are mentally retarded
ok , i can understand how the accountant in question could totally forget what he was doing .
after all , emma stone is stunning and she could have asked me to be on her side rather than her brother .
yes and at baptisms , funerals as well as preach and minister the eucharist   when a priest is not available .
an ' ordained ' deacon has no advantage over granny .
white rage , it 's what 's for dinner ! !
and when they express their personal opinions via the ballot , it 's called " the will of the people . "
the people of port angeles have been absolutely consistent every time we 've been given the opportunity to vote on fluoridation   --   we do n't want it .
i am not disagreeing with your version but do not you think that backing off of jewz mudslimes looks awfully suspicious in light of what going on today i do
i like my women like i like my cigars < number > years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack .
< user > if this country was founded my muslims it would be an oppressive religiously intolerant regime it would be iran
what 's the worst type of wish you can get .
the type from a foundation .
< user > nah he could be a hindu brown or a ching chong gookboy or a mexican derivative
friend a : : i feel so american right now , i could punch an arab in the face !
friend b : : so i guess this would be an awkward time to remind you that i 'm half lebanese ... friend a : : oh ...
hi all daddies i 'm a white inferior trashy sissy i would like to serve ya superior black niggez cock n use n degrade me as sissy slut cum dumpster whore
# virginiabeachstrong a cowardly closet hating white nationalist home grown terrorist will kill at this magnitude .
the rationale of   covering extra costs due to cannabis legalization seems   terribly strained .
what about the   savings   due   not having to enforce the outdated    laws that needlessly criminalized so many of us ?
an additional sales tax   on alcoholic beverages and tobacco would be much easier to justify on the basis of costs to society and would also generate more revenue .
it 's weird how everyone sees gender differently .
i have noticed this on my own little journey .
well , trans or not , you look great , and i highly doubt you will get misgendered hardly ever again .
american neoconservatives canadian liberals and european leftists hate russia why because russia is white christian traditional and conservative russia is building orthodox churches rejects the homosexual agenda and opposes multiculturalism russia today is reminiscient of western europe < number > years ago russia is not cucked
lrt the loud white dude is a fucking fed right like no fucking question
@therealhannay @bibibou61 @sairasameerarao yeah , thanks for telling an actual chinese muslim what 's better
mensrights sub is likely to be banned , eventually ...
if you listened to msm you would think blacks are still slaves in america .
😂 😂 😂 😂
keep your mouth shut fag ass bitch .
white boy down
polish people are the worst .
hitler should have finished the job .
do alphas really get their panties in a bunch this easily ?
guess i rather be a beta then !
how do you kill a redneck ?
wait until he fucks his sister then cut the breaks to his house
a year ago , i told myself i would do this so i 'm just gon na come out and say it , in honor of pride month i finally feel comfortable enough to say out loud that i 'm bisexual .
i love all people and i love and represent every color of the rainbow ❤ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
< user > alot of people just do nt say it but she is not the only white nigger to think this way she is just another white nigger impowerd by trump to show her stupid way of thinking white niggers are the worst
only a total fucking retard would go " haha yes we killing whitey " .
fucking morons like you have no semblance of critical thinking .
call them mixed race
do n't tell me , let me guess ... ohhh !
you meant white folks !
let 's add to some of those accomplishments , shall we ?
in light of the currently popular focus on ( poorly kept ) crime statistics , consider that white males represent 70 % of all serial killers , 80 % of all child molesters , and 48 % of all mass shooters .
let 's see -- hmm ... thermonuclear war kinda jumps out there , too .
nobody else has done that .
yet .
if your and frump 's efforts to get killary the blood countess in the white house succeeds ( probably will ) , we may see a new ' gender - based ' precedent for that one .
nothing shatters a ' glass ceiling ' like ionized radiation !
still will be a ' white thing ' except for the victims , though .
" she is woman , hear her roar ! "
yikes .
neck yourself , faggot and quit pretending to be a nigger it 's embarrassing .
really taking a stand against north korea way to put yourself out there for once .
sarcasm by the way .
it 's an oversimplification to think that this is all related to his black lives matter dealings .
kaepernick 's skills have eroded and his decision making seems flawed ( who opts out of a $ 16.9 million contract on a team with no other quarterbacks ? ) ,
thus it will take a coach on a solid footing or a team that is resigned to stinking this season to take a chance on him .
my guess is that he 'll get signed by the jets by the end of the month .
i will vote for grant , as well as persons of color in other positions , such as preeti shridhar for port commisioner position 4 .
grant and mosqueda are both well - qualified , but grant aligns more closely with my beliefs .
i would not vote based on color or gender ; it 's pandering and just the kind of thing that trumpkins mock .
my favorite politician ( believe it or not , there are some good ones ) is the fantastic pramila jayapal .
i do n't love her because she 's a woman or a person of color , i love her for her courage and her progressive stance .
i 'm happy she represents me in congress .
and for port of seattle position 1 , i am a firm supporter of ryan calkins , who opposed the " shelling " of the port .
i do n't care what color he is - i do n't know what he looks like .
i am also proud to support pat murakami for city council .
i do n't support her because she 's a woman .
i support her because she gives a damn about neighborhoods , not developers .
@fionapearman @michaelglflood hi fiona , with all due respect i suggest an answer . "
meet with kind , pretty , feminine girls , who love men . "
it might work , but it could be somewhat difficult to organise .
finding those sorts of females today is likely to cause you some difficulty .
q : what do you call it when 4 black guys fuck a black girl ?
a : a foursome 


 q : what do you call it when 4 white guys fuck a black girl ?
a : law and order
all this fuss is about hearsay , which is not the truth .
this is truth : i would guess some people make a big fuss about white men in america taking top honors ( crime statistics and law enforcement reports ) for being primary child sex perpetrators and child killers of their prey .
so get off your high horses and look at reality , not hearsay .
bloody hell kondor _ rnu , this is excellent mate !
oh my goodness !
was that survey part of a master ’s thesis / project ?
there were quite a few difficulties with it beginning with the informed consent page .
i got the impression that it was a beta version , awaiting discussion with the professor and was a group project .
there were structural issues also .
a few are the lack of “ back ” buttons and at the end , it sort of went off into a googlesurveyland fork .
the wording of some of the questions was questionable and it could have yielded both qualitative and quantitative data with the inclusion of more open - ended opportunities .
in summary , i hope the creator(s ) get some more practice before entering doctoral - level studies .
there is a dangerous rise in # hatred and # racism .
the trump regime is racist and allows hatred and racism to flourish .
to train society to commit atrocities , a tyrant hardens it by pardoning hatred and cruelty then focuses that hatred and cruelty on others # elpasostrong el paso
zionism is the epitome of evil we must demand that the us congress ceases the funding of the atrocities committed by zionists against palestinians gazans lebanese any other muslim country or people iran will never bow to israel or saudi arabia the world will not either
i am going to give my fellow negroes some advice do nt show up at white christian schools trying to make connections show up at because you are trying to be a christian the romans originally hated the christians they burned them at the stake and they fed them to lions
hello dc toronto , 

 your claim is not correct .
there is a non - profit science group online , part of the science literacy project , that , last year , nicely summarized the specificity of this : 

 " certainly , no one was surprised bolt swept three gold medals , and reaffirmed his hold on the title of world ’s fastest human .
nor the fact that all of the 100 - meter finalists trace their ancestry to africa — specifically west or south africa .
there were no european descended whites , asians or east africans ... " 

 " ... elite running has become almost entirely segregated by ancestry .
african descended athletes dominate ... " 

 " kenya , with jus 44 million people , is home to athletes holding almost one half of the top times in distance races , and most of them trace their ancestry to a few tribes in and around the nandi hills .
the kalenjin tribe alone has less than 0.1 % of the world ’s population ( ! ) ,
yet members of this tribe have together won more than 60 olympic medals in middle- and long - distance events . "
disgusting behaviour by the cowards who attacked the gay girls on a bus in london .
url # bullying # discrimination # racism # londonstabbings # crime # gangs # dropyourweapons # itisnotworthit # homophobia
my gf is black and the most beautiful woman i 've met 🥰
you white devils and your racism on one side and your fake support for black folk on the other is monstrous and astounding the world will be so much better off when all you devils are wiped of the face of this beautiful earth
yanno , us " others " , who are n't a part of that white supremacy movement , should just start ignoring those clowns .
they 're just a bunch of angry , racist , selfish jerks , with no real agenda .
they 're just whining .
they want everyone to fight them ... because that 's all they have .
so , when they march , at most any of us who object should show up with lawn chairs , some snacks , and just sit there and laugh at them .
heck , take pics and post them on your social sites and mock the heck out of them .
in reality , except for a very few whackos , those guys are nothing to a modern society .
they 're not worth the effort , other than to laugh at .
the only straight i am is straight - up bitch url
hey , twitter , @grasspunch is probably a rapist .
if you google his handle you can also see he 's a white stoner gamer .
shocking
craigslist 
 has anyone ever used craigslist for casual encounters and if so what was your experience ?
y all saying niggas disrespectful have you seen how these dykes out here talking to bitches 😂
also me as a closeted trans girl .
we 're here for you !
yeah , crime , overpriced housing , overloaded infrastructure and violent weather are simply irresistible .
no cops at pride just fatgum and his two gay sons # bnha url
i feel like it kinda is .
idk it 's complicated .
the whole conspiracy genre is soaking in anti semitic influence , seems like half the conspiracies just took shit from the protocols and replaced " jews " with some fantastical beast or the illuminati
fuck yeah kill that white devil the terror infamy
q : what do you call it when 4 black guys fuck a black girl ?
a : a foursome 


 q : what do you call it when 4 white guys fuck a black girl ?
a : law and order
y ’ all want your kids to be retarded lol
fascinating how asshole is i am is only apparently passed through the fathers half of the genes .
one would think that equally bad would be men impregnating asshole women ( and technically even worse then , because you know these men expect the women to actually do the raising of the children too , so these would be children raised by assholes ) .
i mean , i 'm sure this would be a shock to some of them to learn , but women do n't get pregnant all by themselves ...
he 's a self - loathing leftist who hates white capitalism and clings to racism to make his point ... soooo obvious
as a lifelong denver broncos fan .... i will offcially say ... fuck off !
multiculturalism and diversity are code words for white genocide , down with the globalist parasites and their lying media .
@incels do you think women owe you a romantic relationship / sex or something similar ?
< user > lol 😂 😂 😂 when trash cake was dragging shawn camila twitter stans said it was fun but iggy stan them now them white bitches pulling up a race card i just got ta laugh 😂 😂 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
clinton is nothing but a bigot .
she does n't give a carp about anyone or any race but herself ............ you want to talk white privilege and white bigotry ........... she 's it .
raised in a rich family in arkansas , never wanting financially , never rubbing shoulders with the rabble like us working people , never rubbing shoulders with mexicans or blacks only hiring them as servants ........... trump is right ,   clinton is a bigot .
run for the hills , pick up your feet and let 's go 
 we did our jobs , pick up speed now lets move 
 the trees ca n't grow without the sun in their eyes 
 and we ca n't live if we 're too afraid to diehold on tight , yes , hold on tight you 're too slow
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
while at the gentlemen club many complain about censorship at big media we got shocked at seeing the person who more ruthlessly rebelled against it was a vegan liberal muslim woman who should have enough positive labels and so banal opinions she should not have ever been censored
no shit , i 'm not saying they do .
i 'm just saying that some people do n't accept gay or bisexual or transgender people still and that was the only example i could think of .
yeah , it was a shit example , i know , but there are plenty of other examples .
what about the fact that some people in other countries are fucking killed because of their sexuality which is something they ca n't help ?
just look shit up before posting , it ai n't that hard .
this guy made his turban rainbow for pride and it 's everything ✨ url
eggs " once in a while " really does n't cut it for the vast majority of people .
b12 is far too difficult to absorb for that .
a high quality is critical for vegetarians , particularly vegans .
it 's not worth messing around with .
the effects of b12 deficiency are far too serious .
love thy neighbor : - thy homeless neighbor - thy gay neighbor - thy muslim neighbor - thy black neighbor - thy immigrant neighbor - thy jewish neighbor - thy addicted neighbor - thy christian neighbor - thy atheist neighbor - thy disabled neighbor
< user > it ’ also homophobic
casually spraying the kid in front of me on the line w perfume & # 128579 ; he 's gon na smell super good when he gets home
" @jamesinsela @cspanwj you ca n't put requirements on when something " " has " " to happen , and then say it not happening p … https://t.co/q1js2npw4h "
sel- as my good buddy noah vail says- " the leafs will drop the next three " .
men against boys .
i too , am looking forward to the matchups .
i admire your attempt at having the last word .
never ! ! !
are you even a white if you do n't oppress the blacks ?
you know your family is trashy when you talk to your parents about camwhoring like it 's no biggie
how do you put a white person in a jar ?
you ca nt , crackers usually come in boxes
these white folks want cravetay to be complacent because they do n't expect black girls to question anything .
fuck y' all . #
thepopgame
well if you 've seen the other videos of him doing the exact same thing when discussing others that were n't disabled , you 'd realize that he was n't mocking him .
but you do n't have to take my word for it , just look , they 're online for all to see .
you just have to look on non msm websites ...
what s the most expensive zoo in the us ?
white house
just watched a show i 'd never seen before .
here 's two quotes from it : 
 " my father said i 'd never amount to anything .
man was he an asshole . "
and later , different character : 
 guy 1 : " fathers have a way of screwing their sons up . "
guy 2 : " yup " 

 i 've never seen the show before so i do n't know how typical this is but neither of the comments were necessary to the plot .
they were just thrown in there because hey who does n't like listening to a little male bashing ?
p.s .
the fathers being talked about were white .
.
and i 've seen lots and lots of shows and commercials with similar gratuitous male bashing .
the question to ask is : who benefits from making men targets of derision , ridicule and anger ?
all people engage in stereotyping bc that how humans survive anyone who claims that assuming blacks are thugs bc of how they dress in the ghetto is a retard bc they dress that way literally to convince others they are thugs so they will not be attacked by other thugs
troy ave really went on breakfast club an said he finna start being a snitch smh the world we live in naw
< user > nah but fr 😭 the double standards that a lot of muslim men hold make zero sense to me
with all the violence at uc berkeley i kinda wonder why the uc police have not started shooting people yet also i wonder how many millions of breitbart is gon na sue for and i wonder if trump will cut their funding over this
he a jew when it convenient for him and a fellow white person when that s more convenient just like literally every other kike
well ... i mean ... it kinda looks like they made her look trans .
if that 's what they were trying to do then i think they got it .
minorities , i must run over .
is waiting , my 2001 honda civic .
pleased , allah would be .
lots of ketamine , he would give me .
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
kyle stromgren , it seems that everything that trump does is fine and dandy with you , even though many of his tweets and statements are designed to energize his racist and white supremacist base of supporters .
white supremacists are emboldened by trump , and hate crimes have risen dramatically since trump was elected president .
that 's what you are supporting .
the bigot gate swings both ways .
here we have a bigot on the left calling someone on the right a bigot because he disagrees with the world view of the leftwing bigot .
the dyslexic racist " gingers get out ! "
what do you say to a man from liverpool who has a full time job ?
i 'll have a big mac extra cheese .
not really .
it 's a conscious attempt at rebranding white supremacist garbage .
richard spencer is usually given credit for coining this .
i do nt get why having 3 kids is such a burden for white people .
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
healthcare may be a bright spot in alaska job market but it is also one of the biggest financial burdens for those alaskans with a job
it 's a long story .
he 's embedded in a parish of the archdiocese of washington , dc .
word has it he is " untouchable " , and he has drifted further and further out over the years .
donahue gives up a solo homer to dodge to make it 6 - 5 .
that 's all medford gets .
to the bottom of the third .
wow you 're lucky !
ever do cuckold ?
are you even a white if you do n't oppress the blacks ?
sui fuel 
 having a younger brother or cousin who is good looking , popular and is good with women meanwhile i are subhuman , autistic , and everyone hates me
dawkins needs to be fired ... you ca n't just go around making completely false damaging claims like that .
why is ca the melting pot of america it is so hard to fine people that have the same views on our white race as i have ?
trump is just vomiting back what he sees on foxnews , like any other angry old white man caught in their web of lies .
anyone who knows the history of confederate veterans and their reaction to the end of reconstruction , both locally and federally ( the last by wilson with jim crow ) knows when and why the statues went up .
you would think trump would know more , since his father was in the klan .
the daily mail hair swap is kind of childish .
also , not sure who came out worse .
funny how you can be so offended by a restaurant name , but not give a rat 's ass about a " comedian " who has made a career of tired racist and homophobic bs .
it sure is fun for white people to be able to gather and not feel guilty about laughing out loud at stuff like this .... and it being " ok " solely because it is coming from a funny black guy .
just the dumbfucks from the south .
the " bible - belt " who started our civil war so they could own slaves .
kinda sucks that we did n't burn that shithole to the ground and populate it with progressive northerners .
there is no difference , for us as news consumers .
so might as well read something that we enjoy reading .
the biggest joke is that those media houses who have been caught red handed purveying fake news are the first to respond with a knee - jerk that fake news must be stopped .
this article is pretty good in that at least it does n't try to ban fake news , it tries to analyse why fake news is enjoying more hits than ' real news ' .
dude behind the wheel 's as retarded as everyone inside .
you do n't even get a qp at burger king , kinda like how there are n't many fist fights at the ( coincidentally ) predominantly white mcdonald 's .
go ahead mods , ban me for having an opinion .
make sure to go fuck yourselves in the process you worthless cunts .
ahh yes .
more christian truth of making up lies .
should we expect something else from the liar religion ?
happy pride month !
cyrus goodman is disney channel 's first openly gay character ever .
since we were introduced to tj kippen , the possibility that we could be getting an lgbt couple on a program pointed towards younger people has become much more probable .
url
that taimi app is clearly not for lesbians lol they have bear and twink and bisexual and chaser as options to describe yourself but not lesbian or dyke
so if these chinese muslims where to launch a missile , kill nobody and the chinese response was to drop a bomb on a school , shoot up some teenagers or drop white phosphorus on some folks , who do you think deserves more cirtcism ?
the superior military power or the small group of terrorists who are almost entirely toothless ?
@asad bashir you are a everyday fucked american pig , american concentration camps , americans are fucked stupid pig people inbred white trash
listen up you old white cracker : if you want to enable the protection of human life , let 's focus on the millions of children / students / concert goers / movie goers / literally any activity goers who are actually alive who fear being mowed down by a shower of bullets .
die slow , bitch .
url
love thy neighbor : - thy homeless neighbor - thy gay neighbor - thy muslim neighbor - thy black neighbor - thy immigrant neighbor - thy jewish neighbor - thy addicted neighbor - thy christian neighbor - thy atheist neighbor - thy disabled neighbor
i do n't know , i 'm asking you what you mean by the term " dijaspora " , precisely because of that .
pretty much the only context on which i 've heard the name used in english is on the context of the jewish dijaspora , so i asked if that 's what you mean .
i just have no fucking idea why you call me that , i do n't speak bulgaro - fascist xd
kill all nazis and white supremacists !
that would be real shit .
so many angry white men denouncing rape culture .
colour me shocked !
yesterday , < number > blacks were murdered in alabama the perpetrator was charged with < number > counts of property damage
only nazis would charge < number > bucks for a tee shirt
would that be the tfsa that trudeau gutted ?
actually , confirmation is available according to the article .
as for the coward comment , very few soldiers meet each other head - on .
that really has n't happened since the sword gave way to guns and other long - range weapons .
burn in hell you descendant of abrahams wives slave bastard your race will be erased on judgement day by god himself
what to do ?
we do nt have a database on the homeless like we have on everyone else .
why not ?
find you once with an illegal hook up from a lamp post , fingerprint , i d card , you work the damage off and live in a shelter until you do it .
your ' stuff ' will be given back when you are done .
find you twice , lose your stuff and your liberty .
that 's one solution .
i do nt like it but the guys that are tapping services are the hard core , not likely to have any desire to change .
they are the minority .
housing and help for those that need a place to stay .
if we created living wage jobs , the problem would work itself out after a time .
you incorrect in calling them native place names .
willamette , siuslaw , modoc and mohawk are tribal names .
as far as inaccurate stereotypes , these were done many of them a hundred years ago when people actually knew or remembered the tribes that they named the schools after .
not some jonny come a hundred years to lately that needs a waaaaambulance if someone calls them a name .
buck up buttercup you may get some cajones some day .
0:54 that truck has a racist driver
great old friends have called me a variant of pismire , but those were great old friends !
no one is perfect , as current friends point out to me from time to time .
as you say , everyone is improvable , including , possibly , yourself .
in fact , i see you becoming marginally better every day , with occasional recidivism , of course .
right out of the demorat playbook , scream racism .
jeffries is the racist .
he hates white people .
seriously sounds great .
sorry if people took my comment as anti religion .
i 'm just not religious so i meant that i wished my babes could partake in such a thing without compromising our own personal beliefs .
< user > < user > egganazi he a real actual nazi you know that
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
probably one of those dungeon jews , trump sides up to .
+ difranchise obama is half black half white .
if you would have followed george washington in 1776 , it means that you 're white trash .
keep every single bull 💩 fake asylum clam out of this country .
not welcome .
your fake lies are junk .
the doctors of ju - ju and voodoo seem to have left their mud huts and moved into office buildings built by white people in cities built by white people .
a once all white area
< user > my guess is that if she did get raped she would not murder the innocent baby many do not
never understood why someone feels the need to proud of their race at all .
you did nothing to earn it , you ca n't change it , it does n't ( should n't ) matter to anyone and if it does that 's their problem not yours .
if a person wants to look back through history and take pride in their ancestors accomplishments well , ok , but that 's not a personal achievement .
you could as well claim to be proud of your gender , or your height , and that would all seem pretty meaningless .
if we define ourselves by our colour , then others will too .
not a good thing in general , if history is any lesson .
a man who loves and respects his mother are the signs of a good man .
if he was raised well he will treat you well .
remember that .
young women of this generation be more worried about how much money he has rather than if he has the holy spirit or not
i 'm not a trump supporter and i think it is sad how everyone has chosen this issue to make a big deal about .
it is irrelevant and no one lied at all .
holy man from switzerland tells daily mail that cancer caused by immigrants 😅
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
our delegates do n't reject trump because : democrats and this batch of geniuses brought us isis .
hillary would destroy the oil and gas industry , which our congressional delegation thinks is important since it provides nearly all income to our state .
hillary wants to raise taxes , trump wants to cut them .
hillary wants open borders and illegal executive actions on immigration , trump wants to control immigration and enforce existing laws .
hillary wants to continue the economic and regulatory regime that has brought us the lowest labor participation rate ever , trump wants to put a moratorium on regulation and unleash the private sector .
i am an american but i am ethnically chinese people often ask me what does ching chong ching chong mean i always answer it means go fuck yourself you retarded democrat speakfreely
a white christmas for twitter refugees snowflakes not welcome
my grandma : : [ my name ] needs to lose weight !
that 's why she 's never had a date .
my mom : : or maybe she goes on dates with girls and does n't want to tell you about it .
my grandma : : haha !
that 's a good one .
made me feel fat - shamed , prude - shamed and queer - shamed all at once .
like my body and my love life are open to discussion and my sexuality is a joke .
well it beats the whole hitler was jesus millennial shithead reactionary meme hitler was just as owned by creepy faggots behind the scenes as hussein obama
put some signs up at the airport to warn people from normal states where we only worry about gang violence killing us
< user > where in new york was this taken white supremist nazi radical evangelical bigoted pos road rage waiting to happen
@misscomprehend i was told that married women and women with partners have sexual duties i m like well .. even my mom ( god bless her ) took me for " the talk " when i first had my serious boyfreind
" go text your hoes " url
# pridemonth happy gay month gays :d
the sad thing here is that companies like swifambo ( if it is really a company ) reinforce the belief that bee is a sham , and some state owned companies actually support this sham .
it sounds like a company primarily formed to merely be a bee partner and profit from a service into which they did not add any value .
maybe this judgement will deter those who form companies to benefit from deals just by being black .
< number > years ago vladimir lenin publishes < number > essays stating that kylo ren is a punk bitch
when are you crackers going to realise that your race does nt dictate wether you re superior or not and stop thinking everything you say+
so this is the kind of shit that people call whites who date asians eh sigh
damn no wonder they have n't been to america in 20 years ..... this bitch ca n't even say detroit 😳 url
white people been overstaying they visas since < number >
would n't you rather have the princesses than captain america ?
whatever the fuck the clinton bitch is saying in her book tour
i like my women like i like my coffee without a penis
why is it we always read about muslim scum raping and gang raping caucasian women but never about caucasians raping or gang raping muslim women
< user > sex repulsion is still valid though and needs to be respected no matter how uncommon it is i am not asexual but i still experience sex repulsion often and people are acting like people who experience it are prudes and trying to shame queer sexuality
nigga just had them crackers on a chase .
if all you do is hang out on blue jay way i would agree ... try getting off the main drag , explore kensington market or the many nieghbourhoods and you will discover a toronto that until the recent ascent of property values has been home to the world .
i think that is beautiful .
@_shananon right ! ! !
also try being condemned by almost every religion ever like yeah baby hell is my second crib fuck u mean ! ! ! !
lmaoooo
is ukraine in heaven ? ! !
asking for my fellow africans
that redneck stuff damn hillbilly ppl
jews : we 've been dealing with ideological splintering for millennia & it 's woven into the most basic stories we tell ourselves about ourselves .
the talmud says the temples were destroyed because of sinat chinam , " baseless hatred . "
the internet : actually it 's because of trump .
url
@lxkesy @ilyprincessfn just to be with a girl you would stick your own fingers in your arse you dickhead
send white trash americans back to england
having one recycling bin to show that it 's an option is n't enough when it 's surrounded by 15 giant trash cans .
i need more gay friends 🏳 ️ ‍ 🌈
< user > lol the pibble defense brigade out in force in the replies be like well mine dindu nuffin that not how statistics work
what loss is this really ?
is n't this the " partner " who ruled that state law enforcement is an option not required by constitution and state law ?
omg twitter you are killing me with dumb this morning .
whenever i say redneck in front of white people they act like i said a bad word
look , i understand and empathize with your position .
but there have been people working with the trans community for decades on this issue .
working to help them to the best of their ability , to help them lead happy and healthy lives .
and the current way things are done is the result of those years of efforts .
the medical community that has sprung up around this topic are * on it * .
we are not at the stage of treating trans people where wild ideas that people just thought up out of the blue , we 're at the " its been decades and we have a good idea oh how to help . "
this is what an average iranian female looks like you faggots are retarded you all get the gas we need smarter people than this in the atavistic aryan future
students of knps grade iv , performed various roles for a school play .
they presented their roles with proper tone , gestures and facial expressions.@pkdhillon08 @harpreetmehta23 url
even then , the ugly ones can have life on easy mode settings if they lower their standards just slightly .
some beta simp is out there willing to slave away so her ass can sit at home and do fuck all .
haha the hollyweirdos can snuggle up with their mudslime heroes
he is correct though only because such folk are more intelligent than dark skinned persons but can whites claim to be discriminated against by the orientals and other asians who are better at mathematics than us
" we speak as researchers who study how journalism is changing and as entrepreneurs who have been working for the past two years on developing a new media not - for - profit , the conversation canada , which will be launching next week .
apparently the author does not know the definition of ' entrepreneur ' 
 an entrepreneur is not someone who requires funding from the government for their labor / product .
that is an arm's - length bureaucrat
sounds like boulder county should be the first place to get some of the governor 's affordable housing .
trump should pardon shekreli and deport the gook judge
oh fuck the amount of gay people on earth is rising
my spirit just will not let me beef over a nigga
< user > it not even about stans you a whole ass white chicken nugget calling asians ugly 🤣
i 'm a pretty tolerant person about most things .
you 're gay ?
great !
you 're trans ?
great !
you 're straight ?
great !
the list goes on .
but if you 're a " minor attracted person " or any other dumbass name for creepy ass pedophile , fuck off .
you 're not part of the lgbt you 're disgusting .
mary was divinely raped by gabriel to spread god 's seed .
learned it in my art history class and i bet anna would cosign .
to be fair , if i told anyone i know i was taking a trip to mississippi they 'd probably also give me some kind of travel warning .
we do n't think that hillary has the regulations all things that we were going to pennsylvania avenue another .
< user > deniro is such white trash • truly •
ignore the entire post .
speaks volumes .
carry on .
the tyre place has a viewing room so i can watch the very 1st set of new shoes go on my car & # 129303 ; i 'm there for all of her milestones & # 128586;&#128541 ;
mccarran - walter act , ( immigration and nationality act of 1952 ) allows 4 the suspension of entry or imposition of restrictions by the president , whenever the president finds that the entry of aliens or of any class of aliens into the united states would be detrimental to the interests of the us .
i 'm only here for the cute asian guy
whoa , i did n't think you 'd listen to this kind of music .
it 's nearly all the same as mine !
you white republican atheists who stayed home will pay the price ... you can forget your tax break now !
# egypt secures the transfer of hisham al - ashmawi , one of egypt 's most wanted terrorists , from # libya where he was detained by the libyan national army , to egyptian intelligence agency , local media reports url url
besaw 's reopened in a new , bigger place right down the street from their old location .
old wive 's tales closed because the owner retired .
jimmy mak 's is relocating to a new larger location nearby ( as it did already once before about 10 years ago ) .
the buildings are apartments , not condos .
almost no condos have been built at all in portland since before the real estate crash in 08/09 .
orcas are n't even actually whales - they 're the largest members of the dolphin family ( who , like whales , are marine mammals . )
" he was talking abuse , not doctrine . "
how exactly do you know that ?
i would suspect he meant   all things that could harm a child .
leading one astray does not fit with child abuse in my view .
black girls traveling is another dope aesthetic 🤞 🏽 🔥 url
the russians bought this compound back in 72 - before the end of the cold war , hack hack .
.
* * * would someone please show me an article , 
 " where zero - tolerance francis has uttered / muttered anything compassionate to card pells victims " . * * *
.
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
thank for whitesplaining and fat shaming .
god knows   we would n't want to elect a man who gropes ugly women .
again with the irony andy , suggesting that i need to " calm down " .
you 're the one posting hyperbole and fear mongering saying that the school 's sex ed curriculum is leading to " gender reassignment surgery " .
seriously ?
what next ?
you worried that dancing will lead to sex standing up ?
curious that you 're now talking about " christians " and not " catholics " when the topic here is catholic schools .
there are numerous christians who support lgbt rights and equality .
there are also christian fundamentalists including such extremist groups like the westboro baptist church who very clearly do vilify homosexuals .
to claim otherwise is either wilful ignorance or self delusion .
the catholic church has this to say : 
 " homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity " 
 " homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered " 
 " contrary to the natural law " 
 " under no circumstances can they be approved " 
 " is objectively disordered " 
 the above courtesy of 
 http://www.vatican.va/archive/ccc_css/archive/catechism/p3s2c2a6.htm
jordan pickford is a fucking copy of john from peaky blinders
troy ave really went on breakfast club an said he finna start being a snitch smh the world we live in naw
i knew it , the cars in timeless river are fucking monsters and i hate them
so was rasmussen .
leaflet the ghetto claiming it is a free hip hop concert
viva la raza fagget hicks how bout you go back to europe
< user > are you fucking retarded
your comments are interesting and well thought out .
but i have an important question .
did you hold these beliefs when you applied for you studies in literature ?
or are your reflections a reaction to your situation today ?
with respect to thinking critically , your comments assume that others ca n't think critically to the level you can .
the thing is , people in other disciplines can think critically , and they have the knowledge to think critically in disciplines where their training matches the requirements for a much larger pool of careers .
perhaps you have overvalued your degree and have fallen into the self perpetuating trap of believing that critical thinking is easily transferable to all othe disciplines .
it is not .
excited for dam with bitches
sweden decided in < number > to welcome immigration since < number > violent crime in sweden has increased by < number > and rape has increased by < number > sweden has some of the most beautiful women on the planet and they let them get raped by evil muslim immigrants gabfam maga europegenocide islam
you ca n't treat people like crap and worship god at the same time .
rt @theafricansiren : automatically suspicious of white folk who try too hard to show they like us darkies .
you either make good jobs or you make no jobs at all .
canadians ca n't continue to subsidize low wage employers .
a society must be willing to invest in its people and the means to boost productivity .
any business model which ca n't accommodate this does n't deserve to exist .
cut the tfw program and scale back immigration from mass to balanced levels and there would be vastly less of an issue .
cheers , 
 john meyer
you are stuck in the old , apartheid ' black ' and ' white ' labels , mbalula , which make nonsense of your otherwise fairly cogent thinking and confound your argument .
leave these false , racist terms out and see how this debate can advance ?
i wrote the comment lmfao it 's definitely the tenor .
i know what i was saying .
america and canada are two countries that are really racially diverse and diversity ultimately improves the quality of life for everyone .
it 's good , dude , there 's still good things in the world .
black people appear to be the most racist and take full advantage of it .
blacklivesmatter is a joke .
twice as many white people are killed by cops than black people yet we never hear about them .
why is that ?
is the media bias toward only seeing black people killed ?
sounds pretty racist to me ...
i cried tears in my cup of hennessy for these fucked up memories
i 'm not sure what that has to do with the price of tea in china , but i 'll indulge you i guess : 

 my position is that it should be ( & always should have been ) tied to inflation .
i voted for the increase in our state .
i have no idea what that means , but i can tell you i 'm opposed to white supremacists and political leaders who encourage them .
< user > < user > living on the blood and sweat of illegal and exploited immigrants is not something to be proud of
the war on trump and true democracy from the deep state entrenched elitists and the msm continues while they make you pay for it .
personally i favour fat camps exercise dietary education and fat awareness are the way forward in the future white ethnostate fast food outlets will be forced to sell healthy food or be taxed out of existence feel feels will be mocked and ridiculed 🐸
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear . ”
― george orwell
i lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get .
` ` rasslin animals '' is half the fun
turn her into a cumdumpster for to then use
for decades , the republican ideology has been blatant racism and self - aggrandizement   and the breitbart / bannon / koch school of white supremacism born from a lack of any human feelings and qualities ....... 
 .............. and it will remain so , because americans are " poorly educated "
keith_moon : " look whose worse on the list " 
 ... 
 let 's discuss the original " subject " about ford bottom rating   in jd power challenged by jack 's comment about toyota rccall .
your link clearly shows toyota better than ford , proving jack wrong .
interesting
it should n't be money , it should be blood .
just like the slaughter of christians going around the world for their disgusting ways .
whites need to pay by blood and slaughter of their wicked ways .
white male , not allowed on either count .
people are editing trump into historic scenes under the hashtag … url via # indilens # india
u.s . “
patriotism ” is just genocidal and fascist apologism taking pride in a white supremacist settler colonial empire is violence
it 's bullshit how i still have to go to class even though i 'm sick as hell
shade never made anybody less gay but conversion therapy and homophobia have caused violent and irreversible trauma to queer people all over the world
do alphas really get their panties in a bunch this easily ?
guess i rather be a beta then !
i said if it 's a person .
but yeah , let 's assume it is for the purpose of this discussion : i absolutely get to kill a person for that . [ ... ]
what gives a fetus special rights ?
the answer is very simple .
to get phd , especially in science , is hard work , it requires high intellectual capacity , and to be conscientious .
black students are more interested in protests how to bring down white symbols .
the three pills in politics 
 blue pill = vote for hillary 

 red pill = vote for trump 

 black pill = civilization is going to shit either way , just launch those nuclear missiles already fam
@raquelminkey @govmikehuckabee @realdonaldtrump wholesome jokes about how women should be obedient and how killing gays is funny .
i think i will pass ...
kill yourself cracker .
lol , it 's a shit culture   if every song sings about " yea i fucked your bitch , she on my dick "   then you see that blacks have a 79 % single parent rate .... yikes
sitting in this hot ass classroom ghetto af 🥱
my city just got blown thru by some tornadoes a couple months ago .
i almost regret trying to help white people clean up right about now .
what 's the rarest thing in the world ?
a white prisoner .
and democrats .
you forgot to mention democrats in your ignorance .
let 's see ... 2013 ... hmmm ... who was president again ?
i guess mr obama 's priorities were not w/ the pacific theater let alone pearl .
but whatever .
eyes to see and ears to hear know what the dealio is .
they do n't need either you or i to tell them that .
many of my friends and colleagues are affected by the sequestration as well as my business .
do you know how our august delegates voted on this issue ?
i bet you do .
however , there was no mention of this in the article .
i am so glad that you have the knowledge base to at least have some facts in your comments and not just the usual generalities .
btw ... so you support white supremacists ?
i do n't understand .
you support communists and fascists ?
i do n't understand that either .
but it 's cool .
it 's just comments .... right ?
meanwhile , 700 dead & 24mil affected by the monsoons .
you should drop by and help .
hope to be back by sat .
i am going to skip the joker movie i think i just do not think i have the capacity to take on that level of white male dark violence crap in < number >
why did the terroract in france happen ?
because wild pokémon appeared !
my parents worked for all their money .
my family planned ahead for me to attend post secondary .
squishy potato i hope you fucking die you racist white piece of shit
@hunterdrewtfa whether you believe that the sole purpose of existence is procreation or you believe it is simply the most fulfilling thing a person can do , it seems to make some sense for it to be done by a feminine woman and a masculine man .
rt @fitcchh : white girls that talk ghetto&lt;&lt;&lt ; you 're not cute&#128514 ;
poor little sissy bitch , you 're trapped and utterly enslaved to me now .
😘   # mistress # sissy # femdom # strapon url
yes , we know , blatant sexism , racism and vile comments are only preferred when aimed at white hetero , preferably conservative males and/or trump supporters .
everyone else is an automatic victim , poor things .
" what are we to say of a nation which lives under the perpetual delusion that it is about to be attacked ? "
simple truth black or white or raghead they need to die
niggas ai n't meant to be fucked wit nd bitches ai n't meant to be trusted
all history demonstrates that converting the jew to christianity does not work duh jews are a race and that letting them run free ends in the destruction of white society and terminates in whitegenocide
some of those block heater outlets have a 15 minute on fifteen minute off cycle .
i wonder what sort of havoc that would cause with an ev recharge system .
" everything look better with a bitch next to it "
i would never dream of doing something on the bosses time and property that might bring any opprobrium or embarrassment on them .
it is like stopping during the raising or retirement of the colors on a military base .
those are our customers .
we did lots of neat engineering for them .
they paid us a lot of money for things that worked and did what was needed .
show some respect .
< user > < user > < user > < user > umm some of you seem to have missed the part where the dictionary definition of neither lesbian nor homosexual include the word only exclusively just or any other denoting that either would mean attraction to only people of the same gender whoops
lover lesbian .
now !
what s the most expensive zoo in the us ?
white house
why do white people have so many pets ?
because they ca n't own people anymore
casually spraying the kid in front of me on the line w perfume & # 128579 ; he 's gon na smell super good when he gets home
andrew anglin wants white women to be raped and beaten into submission he is just gross being out there just to shock white sharia is cancer and must be vehemently denounced
deport him , oh wait he is white .
well how can that be ?
i thought only illegal aliens committed crime
" when was america great 4 u , u little white boy mother f — er "   cameras 📷 suck .
in the good old days , you 'd get your teeth handed 2u 4 that shit .
# drats have trained these wild animals 2 run amok against civilized ppl . #
degenerates # trump2020landslide   url
a paki mayor a chief rabbi it may sound like the start of a joke but the only people being laughed at is the < percent > of white people in london
why is ca the melting pot of america it is so hard to fine people that have the same views on our white race as i have ?
< user > dude do not kill yourself trying to hard rest is the best medicine
imagine what would happen to you if you were illegally in mexico , picked up a a gun , fired it into a crowd , and killed a young mexican girl
still early , but lamont wade , mark allen , deandre thompkins , kj hamler and josh mcphearson have been handling punt return practice .
regardless of biology meaning color , gender wrong is wrong !
hating on america and dividing our nation is wrong !
get the squad out !
my dads bitch thinks she scares us because she white trailer trash ha she forgets we grew up in the south side of laredo 😂
i ca n't wait to move to an area where i can be surrounded by racist white folks with guns .
< user > u should stop being so eager to have fights with jews based on whatever weird personal interaction ur referring to
@mboksr_maga @janettxblessed so over the gay / trans crap .
what they do in their personal lives should stay discrete , not push their perversion rot on everyone else .
canada a nation with great potential sold her soul to wickedness .
she spent her billions dismembering human babies all over the world and dismembered 4 million of her own .
god in his anger handed her over to a barbarous people who pride themselves on human dismemberment !
😭 😭 😭
mastercard aims to steer 1 million young women to stem careers # vocalinkemployee url
same .
currently hoping that my current makeup of being bi , gender - blind and open to just about anything and everything wins out .
someone she has not muted should really point out to ion that sinead is a proud mudshark and kikelover
ed , i did n't know you could wear blinders and have your head up obama 's colon at the same time .
i m surprised c18 was nt mentioned , they always are when the ob smash the evil neo = nazis yellow press at its best
< user > every time i go to budapest it more sad more homeless more racist posters demeaning refugees last time i saw tents in the park
roses are red , ink is black this thread is locked to keep white people from coming back .
_ i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns . _
bauer , bannon has clear and well known ties to white supremacists .
please tell me who has " debunked " that fact ?
next you 'll be saying trump has no ties to russia - as trump did at one point in his campaign .
and clinton did n't lose the election .
trump is a disaster waiting to happen .
latitude:16.8 , longitude:-64 , windspeed:167 mph , pressure:916 , heading : wnw , datetime:9/19/2017 9:00:00 pm , travel speed:10 mph
hey klan do n't you have a kkk cross burning to attend ?
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
what if young black men do murder each other at astounding rates ?
does that somehow excuse police killings of them ?
the fact that you are even implying that it does suggests that black lives do n't matter to a lot of white people , including many on these boards .
repent and turn to jesus .
sin will send you to hell .
this guy thinks uk police pms mps councillors actually do their jobs < number > million white children raped by pakis numbers covered up by those above not doing their jobs
@21vingtetun @sxxxmza exactly .
black folks have shouldered almost all of the burden when it comes to advancing / attaining poc rights .
then , other pocs use those rights to step on us in an attempt to assimilate into mainstream ( white ) society .
how to know if you 're good at sports your not good if your not black
i would totally fuck your wife
where to begin ?
1 ) denver needs the expanded capacity for e - w traffic now !
not 10 years from now after the impact statements , public comment periods , and environmental mitigation have barely allowed the start of construction on the i-270 / i-76 corridor .
2 ) the neighborhoods were split 40 + years ago .
get over it !
they should have developed into two separate communities by now .
3 ) where is the concern for the folks living in the i-270 / i-76 corridor ?
4 ) are we to pay for the increased cost of goods ( because of delays ) shipped through the i-70 corridor ?
5 ) are we proposing a reduction in pay for teamsters being paid ' by the mile ' , not for the hours they sit behind the wheel ?
abraham himself was evil why are they not his seed just because the jews reject something does not make it not theirs look at you you are a white man rejecting traditional european faith does that suddenly make odin not a white god
how to know if you 're good at sports your not good if your not black
god i love it when elections do not go their way and then they bitch about it on twitter it kinda sadistic but it just too much fun to see reality hit them over the head like that
i 'm really about to cry , please pray for # sudan these innocent people .
if only people cared about the people here as much as the unborn 😔 url
does it matter if there was only one out of state worker who had to pay income tax on the wages they earn in alaska , when a resident earning the same amount pays income tax .
no .
why is it better that an out of state workers pay income tax on their alaska wages to their home states .
a review on state income tax laws shown in states where you earn income out of state and do not pay income taxes to that state you pay them in the state you are a resident of .
yes , he 's such a " loving god . "
let 's see what " god " says about people and animals in levitcus 26:21 - 22 , " if you remain hostile toward me and refuse to obey , i will inflict you with seven more disasters for your sins .
i will release wild animals that will kill your children and destroy your cattle , so your numbers will dwindle and your roads will be deserted ! "
i can just feel the " love . "
but remember that he loves you !
at least someone gets it !
damn white dogs with their hegemonic systemic patriarchal homo - erectus microaggressive unsafe - spaces .
they 're so intolerant , they 're basically nazis , we should gather them into camps and then burn them !
i feel so good about myself because i 'm righteous 😄 .
white make up with black streaks ?
a juggalo degenerate .
white supremacists are openly hunting nonwhites and you can fuck all the way off if you do n't see how this is related to donald trump
lmao this snow nigger is fuming so hard he brought out his ebonics 😂 🤣 😂 🤣 😂 🤣 😂 😂 😂 🤣 😂 🤣 lol this is your future daughters homeboi
they need to be the same to make it work .
weight will be a factor with aeronautic batteries .
< user > < user > figures but i will use that whenever i have to listen to one of my hillbilly redneck customers go on about fox news
" @bgold19 @cmahaffeyvu @braves cobb has its own " " marta , " " & amp ; it interconnects by bus w/ marta .
that intersection no where near as bad as 85/285 "
still early , but lamont wade , mark allen , deandre thompkins , kj hamler and josh mcphearson have been handling punt return practice .
i have known a lot of liberal women but i must say , only a small minority are happy .
especially these days .
so this report may not be too far off .
i pray to god one of these white fuckers run up on me putting you in the ground i promise
in 23 years ?
good luck with that , congressman .
< user > < user > < user > < user > raped dozens of women including a < number > year old created a fake < number > < number > charity was caught stealing from set up a fake university used campaign cash to pay off sex partners married and impregnated < number > illegal immigrants plus treason not a complete list
good to know that that time when a bunch of blacks gang raped a white girl then pissed on her face while telling her that for < number > years of slavery bitch was by definition not racism
i 'm sure that you are not intentionally being deceitful by not specifically mentioning that naturopaths study naturopathic medicine for 4 years , and not medicine as most patients understand it , i.e. evidence based medicine .
or that the licensing exam examines their knowledge of non evidence based treatments .
priests and rabbis also study for many years , but that does n't make what they practice any more   rational or scientific .
so nice to see an american family in the white house and not the ghetto trash who was ruining our country maga gabfam britfam
if you are looking for a great book with insightful historical content read thomas sowell black rednecks white liberals an amazing book from a brilliant economist
actually during trudeau 's second term we 're getting rid of people with non canadian values .
that will get rid of the reformacons and any alt - right , sorry i meant to use the correct term , white supremacists ...
yeah i watch the history channel all the time and i am in all the honor classes i just wanted to do something and yes i do have the muscle to back it up .
if you know me i am that basic white bitch in october who loves spooky szn halloween hard cider flannels and pumpkin patches this is my happy szn mind ya business
hispanic immigrant dads are literally so wholesome being raised to not show emotion but then showing it about the smallest things they did not have as kids is the purest thing
i managed to endure the christmas this day with no additional 
 inventory ... in this life of stuff
the gym seems just as shitty as the mentally ill white guy .
who let 's their students start beating someone after the bell then chase them around the gym throwing kicks .
also choking him out while they yell to let go ... shame
thanks for the good stuff on here to show my kids .
what do you call a white girl who runs faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin .
how to start an income tax 101 .
first , you must make people want to pay the tax .
this is accomplished by cutting things that benefit those who do or will be paying the tax .
no need to actually reduce entitlements , besides , that would not achieve the goal .
you have to reduce police , fire protection , prosecutors , road maintenance like snow removal , teachers but not school administrators and so on .
i think we should have them moved into wash park .
do n't none of you worthless assholes disturb me today ..
so if the ghetto clans and angry dumb fems so come over with there muslum terrorist buddies that are equally great appearetly for whatever reason will this site cater to them because they do love a good upsetting it like a happening for them except is it different
smfh i guarantee rasheed 's wo n't be meeting jasmine till the fucking finale # lhhatl
< user > he blew out smoke as he looked at the other raising an eyebrow and smirking a little classic white trash over here
@hunter gray that would be you and the " white trash americans who are raciest " who should have there balls cut off !
live in fake news !
if trump had a smoking gun and a dead body feet away , people would bow to the al mighty trump and swear he is innocent !
i find myself trying to relate with most lesbians by well being gay
what 's the worst type of wish you can get .
the type from a foundation .
well at least they have no fear of speaking up for their race try to find that in a white politician jews do it blacks do it arabs do it metizos do it
" books are mirrors you only see in them what you already have inside you . "
* you dumb hate spewing waste of oxygen , do n't be angry simply because you 're a disgusting inbred spawn of uncreative culture vultures who stole everything they came across and claimed it as their own .
mongoloid nazi scum like you need a bullet in your mentally defective skulls , there 's a special place for hateful people in you hell , and how many of you are left , like 3 ?
lol .
die already . *
👊 🏼 👊 🏼 🖕 🏼
put the thooka down pussy nigga put yo fist up
when the tea party people have a event and very few minorities show up its the white tea party people who are racist .
false equivalency .
nazi skin - heads are not a protected class .
now , if the baker refused service simply because the person was white , that would make it a discrimination case .
and if that had happened , you folks would be screaming " bloody murder . "
no one is forced to do anything .
that baker chose to go into business and serve the public .
and in so doing , he agreed to abide by laws governing his business .
it is that simple .
the part where in canada a 15 year old who commits murder can be tried in adult court .
how about he moves next door to you so you can give him a giant hug , be his pal , let him play with your kids .
need to make a video on what to do when a employer downplays your resume duri g the interview .
happened to me and never have i felt more like punching someone
whoa , i did n't think you 'd listen to this kind of music .
it 's nearly all the same as mine !
< user > i went to a minor league ball game yesterday in a majority black city truly baseball is honky ball white families with kids as far as the eye could see it was packed
why do mentally disabled women have short hair ?
i ' ve seen women with only slight mental disorders still have their hair kept no longer than an inch or two .
is it to make hair management easier or what ?
this is what happens when dehumanize and gloss over the history of everyone that 's not white and straight .
you kill and rape entire civilizations off the planet then having the audacity to go on mass shooting sprees because you have no job and no hoes
< user > if you can measure how well white families are doing it would be some shit like white < percent > blacks < percent > hispanic < percent > you should not be focused on whites doing better the problem is not white privilege it colored un privilege
white rage , it 's what 's for dinner ! !
most white kids i know believe they are superior and they freak out whenever a black guy is fighting a white .
existing as a white person is n't something you should hate , you 're racially privileged but that puts you in a unique position to fight for minorities like me : use your energy to amplify our voices , and never stop fighting for what 's right !
as long as you listen to the voices of racial minorities and do your best to stand up for justice , we 'll take care of each other so we can be dangerous together .
❤ ️
what 's the worst way for a doctor to break the news to someone that they have cancer ?
like this : doctor : knock knock patient : who 's there ?
doctor : not your white blood cells , that 's for sure !
she is me with my nigga
what 's the rarest thing in the world ?
a white prisoner .
what part of they want to kill us regardless is so difficult to grasp that all i have been saying yet you lot are so erroneously laser focused on the jews that you are likely to let a moslem take you by the hand
< user > same imagine having to remind someone that they have to pay you back the ghetto
haha they call me sand nigger and i am white
yes there is a kkk in canada you have to be invited to get in .
devon nunes in the house has been a real hero the last year .
well you are white trash so fuck off
if you think people ca n't magically change their gender , and the fact that people are n't already doing so , then you are pretty damn deluded .
so says the caveman .
you 've got me pegged , big boy .
how did you see through the charade ( look it up in the dictionary ) ?
do n't want your kids to get shot in a mass school shooting ?
send them to a non - white school .
oh look , another weak willed , dumpy upper middle class white millennial that bases his existence on consuming media .
how dare drumpf , do n't you know that quinton is enlightened ?
he knows plenty of brown people , and they 're all great like the staff at los amigos where he goes every saturday night with his majority white , middle class , like minded friends and the one brown person that shares the same stale sentiments that lack self awareness .
new music : rapping about being taken as a joke , columbus , ohio - based rapper tieran explains the problems he faces as a ' white ' rapper , vividly .
watch the official video for # sick now on # grungecake url @tieranofficial url
< user > < user > if you do your research you will learn that more white people collect abuse the system the take away is that this stereotype being perpetuated by the right wing that it primarily people of color and immigrants is dead wrong
yes irish people are essentially the blacks of whites and germans are the asians of whites its so obvious ch commenter
so let me get this straight google youtube facebook and msm are targeting free speech in the name of fakenews to protect a sleezy pizza place but they are okay shutting down a bakery who chooses not to make a cake for a gay wedding i smell guilt
i never look away ; i want to stare into your face , the gentle look away ; i let my true feelings be sitting here trying to
nice catch bennie .
we have one half of a football team and only one wide receiver who can get open and he ca n't catch .
at least we have 2 kickers who ca n't kick .
that onside attempt could have been executed better by any beer swilling patron in the stands .
my mum watches emmerdale current storyline yorkshire woman raped as a girl kept captive and used as a prostitute you know yorkshire ie rotherham leeds etc the perp in this show a white copper fascistleftlies islam muslimpaedophiles
" ... went from slim to none . "
yes , john hobson -- another instance of the " triumph of experience " over hope .
now both churches are repenting in leisure , rest , and in relaxation because they really do n't need each other , practically speaking .
at least that is what i pick up in germany , among catholics .
it seems the best ecumenical exchange or happening between   the lutheran and catholic churches will be when the latter is deaf and the former is blind .
still , it is nice francis , the bishop of sunny rome , is making an effort to be friendly , honest and fraternal , realizing part of the cure for animosity is to wish to be cured of it .
he is stepping up to the plate , as it were , hoping the 21st century -- the 984 years left of it -- will bring the two churches closer together .
rome is eternal , i guess , at least in its optimism .
retweeted ihatequotes ™ ( @ihatequotes ): success is getting what you want .
happiness is wanting what you get .
he 's already backed off   the statements that he made about water boarding .
how could you write an article like this and not know that ?
or not mention his plans are changing ?
so what say you now , trump supporters ?
what allot of rot .
i stopped reading at the " white guilt " section that is so de rigueur among the liberal set now .
hopefully no one reads his tripe or takes it seriously .
and the players have right to organize and reject any rule but i know you are white and probably racist so   vergessen sie
people need to stop with the " breaking " about al asad .
the information is already both old and wrong .
everything is fine at al asad .
your other reasons were irrelevant .
the public school system is n't a secular system .
it 's an all inclusive system .
anyone with a religious need can be accommodated .
most christian and jewish holidays are already taken care of .
offering space for muslim children to pray briefly on a friday afternoon is no burden on the system .
it disturbs no other students .
it 's you who has to come up with some reason why accommodation is a burden to the state .
and saying that safety is a concern is ludicrous as it 's the haters who are creating the threat .
i think you ’re confused , your leader trump is in cahoots with the commies .
relax , it ’s a coming , russia & trump , the love affair .
lol
she lusts for the white seed on her taco that basically it
@andy @ivankatrump @andy stfu & we mean all the way up , , , you make millions 🤔 🤔 🤔 off of # black ppl beating the shit out of each other & your white at that encouraging it ... so just stfu ... # fuckyou
@camjt2 but what if she has a trash personality ?
what if she stands for everything you 're against ?
what if she has ugly feet ?
ai n't no way of knowing she wifey material if you do n't even know her 😂 😂
yesterday , < number > blacks were murdered in alabama the perpetrator was charged with < number > counts of property damage
provisional arrangements for disbursing oil revenues from the development fund for iraq … ” 244 438 .
mr straw attached a revised ipu
the good news is that according to surveys that we published at the israel democracy institute , there is widespread consensus among israelis on many of the most significant issues our country faces .
read by @yplesner in @jerusalem_post url
screw the academy awards .
i have much better taste than 100 % of white dudes so i 'm going to continue to like things i like suck it
go jack your dick to cartoon drawings while crying about thots and unironically advocating white sharia on 4chan , you weeb degenerate .
meanwhile , i 'll be watching [ captain marvel](url for the 50th time while stroking my bbc in a respectful non - offending feminist chad - esque manner to [ rey](url you cornball ass strong woman hating ass goof .
my mom always complaining , how you always mad for the stuff you 're supposed to do ?
i did n't ask to be born .
black man kills a white child in a rap video nothing actually happens white man says nigger on a youtube video advertisers lose their minds and shoah him from the internet
it says a lot when the one group who works hardest to subvert white identity is the only group from western culture that has an explicitly defined ethno state for themselves someone does not want competition that why all the european countries have been undermined along with the us and canada
omg , they 're considering hiring an actual white male ? ! ?
they must be monsters ! ! ! ! !
< user > < user > < user > white supremacists have been making online lists of jewish people since at least < number > it not anything new it always been abhorrent so you will pardon my increased lack of concern smash the fash punch a nazi
you mean the newspapers that only featured white people and their blonde high achieving children ?
you wrote all that in one sentence , you got ta be the dumbest american .
these intellectual ladies would love to educate you , your children and your grandchildren .
but your vile , hate filled faith is blinding you from the truth .
the overall result is that we are n't pathologizing the existence of transgender people and providers are encouraged to focus on actual issues pertaining to mental and physical health .
which is a good thing .
it does not bother me it is rather amusing to see someone like yourself claim to be intelligent then resort instantly to baseless accusations when proven wrong you communist jews are all the same
in black ghetto talk nuffin here
< user > < user > i hate erdogan but you are racist nazi sucker
slow might be an understatement .
regardless , there 's really no sign now he 'll ever come up to speed , and his background does n't show any evidence of nfl style play .
he 's a project with a lot of risk .
sloter ?
he looks much , much closer to the nfl style quarterback , he shows arm strength ( more so than siemian ) , accuracy , very good decision making , and protects the ball .
he looks much less the project than lynch , and he even looks like he can step in for siemian and maybe win a game .
lynch shows none of that .
heck , if lynch was a mid-2nd rounder ( like he really should 've been ) , we would n't even be having this discussion .
the r - g poll was ' unscientific ' .
it only asked for those who actually had an opinion about the comics to respond .
that having been said , that means that the comics are there for those who are interested in them .
the demographics of the group :   " 90 percent of respondents were 55 or older ; over a quarter were 75 or older . "
the younger readers of the print r - g do n't care about the comics or they would have taken the time to respond either on - line or by snail mail .
they did n't .
what is your source of your statement ?
" the survey is n’t representative of the register - guard ’s readership . "
if you have read these ' comments ' on cc , the most frequent commenters who have revealed any information about themselves seem to fit quite closely into the same demographics as those who responded to the comics inquiry .
the illegality of cannabis has always been more about politics than public safety .
even the name ' marijuana ' was an attempt to tie it to fictional hordes of stoned mexicans coming to ravish white women .
stupid cuck tarantino deserves to be shot honestly for his effort in trying to emasculate asian males .
fugly ass wigger bitch .
lgbt pride is not about hating straight / cis people .
feminism is not about hating men .
black pride , brown pride etc is not about hating white people .
white pride is about hating poc though so i can see why some of you are confused .
status quo should not be sending money to foreign countries‼️ they should earn our support‼️ get the world off u.s. welfare‼️ @realdonaldtrump
the number < number > secret to a long lasting relationship .
< repeat > have lots of money .
yu yu , check your facts .
while serial child molesters do exist and present huge hazards to children and society , and from whom society deserves protection , many on the lists are one time offenders , truly remorseful and statistically unlikely to reoffend .
my biggest problem with the sexual offender lists is they are overly broad , and sometimes create horrible injustice .
if the list was restricted to those deemed dangerous and likely to reoffend , i would be ok with it .
i am in no way attempting to justify the sexual abuse , or in this case the long past attempted abuse of a child ( i admit i know nothing of this case except what   is in the story ) .
i hope this vigilante gets a stiff jail sentence , he is no hero .
nowplaying not to be fucked with featuring @therealkiss - gillie da kid @gilliedakid @djself @djsuperstarjay # knsradio 12:55
< user > lol nazi white trash is exactly like poor mexicans here they re called colombias same balance of poor dumbness
there are many still vilifying sr .
j for speaking up at that irish conference for women , in 2001 .
i am so tempted to send this rousing , prophetic article to those people , but that they would still adjudge me ( and her ) insane , and even more than that , " dangerously liberal " .
sigh .
using gas lighting propaganda for you horrible white southerners meant nothing real
you guys chill u can make xenophobic comments all day as long as you are a member of the demographic you are talkin shit about that why it ok for < user > to make fun of retards and why it ok for me to make fun of faggots < wink > nambla wake up america 911 truth maga
some people hope their ghetto fight ends up on worldstar hip hop but gab users we hope our epic shitpost ends up in a media matters top five list
" rt @__purerayne : when your cycle is coming and you try to keep your " " crazy bitch side " " in a cage & # 128580 ; "
you niggas are mentally and morally weak for women with fat asses , pathetic
i have said it before and i will say it again kc queer community small as hell
she will donate 100 % of the money to the national center for transgender equality .
this is the kind of things that we have to support in this # pridemonth 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 url
< user > they are the ones who hang out with trust fund white bitches and date white man
i had a long week so i just want to dress like a hoe and get drunk will that dream become a reality stay tuned
altretard this tag ironically describes all of you cucks that worship vox why do not you grow some balls and become pro white instead of anti white anti free speech you must all be a part of < user > and < user > pedo ring
you know your family is trashy when you talk to your parents about camwhoring like it 's no biggie
loulou lou loulou lou < number > minutes ago they are all felons you can take the man out of the ghetto but can not take the ghetto out of the man ﻿
why did the husband get an erection after killing his wife ?
because the kids were watching
considering many europeans have now been raped and killed horriby by islamic hoardes i wonder what the media reaction when the backlash comes it is bound to happen no doubt they will condemn it as a white nazi hate crime and come down hard on anyone critical of islam banislam
they are so busy with their own causes that they do n't see the storm that is brewing on the horizon .
i did n't say it was just white people .
i do n't want to support any freeloaders of any race , creed , or octane .
i do n't see many white people picking berries in the san juaquin valley though .
if benjamin harrison 's nickname was ' the human iceberg ' does that make @realdonaldtrump ' the human titanic ' ?
of course they can take the property of white people for reparations .
oh look !
another old white man thinking he should be able to control what a woman does with her insides !
😒
no , they should have an " arbitrary " right to tax / fee us .
any such right comes with a responsibility to do so as reasonably and fairly as possible .
and no , " destructive users " is not the historical reason government taxes us for roads .
" users " is .
the fact they 've left bicyclists out of the mix is an oversight .
i have this whole idea of how i want my life to turn out ... i just wanna know when it 's gon na start going my way
why could n't you stop at   " the author 's islamic faith does not inherently make her fundamentalist " ?
why the need to add the insulting " get a grip " ?
what a huge waste of our money .
shameful .
who would even think of supporting this inept program .
@castanend @abdoulcherif90s @whitehouse dear sir the truth is evil exists everywhere .
they do n't go under " mass shooting " .
they are " genocide murders " cuba revolution children women men all slaughtered by guns for disagreeing with castro .
mass stoning in me , women beheaded by al qaeda , isis beheaded christians , cair ,
if saccone loses some republican woman in greensburg pa is gon na get on top of a car tonight and scream let burn this bitch down while hundreds or republican voters smash windows steal cigarettes and light retirement homes on fire oh wait white people do not do that
we get it , you hate trump .
we love trump ! !
we the people ! !
lets fucking go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
@itswoofy congrats on the button and all the hard work that you have overcome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
“ maybe part of the reason they ended up here is because they felt like nobody cared , ” he said .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

 that would be accurate .
canadians are treated like disposable wallets for foreign students/ foreign fast - tracking to subsidized housing/ foreign temporary workers to canadian jobs ie : to have our schools systems given to them on silver platters , our housing provided to them on silver platters and our benefits ?
that taken from us for them .. 

 ... but the moment a canadian needs help ?
they are kicked to the curb or given a " pain reliever " and then hooked into the downward spiral of this corrupt province and it 's complete mismanagement .
you can choose to be on the side that saves america or you can choose or be on @voxday 's side as the enemy , but you ca n't choose both .
give me a fucking break as if there is something to debate here blacks are inferior to whites and asians by every measure that why black communities are an absolute mess if you believe in evolution you have to accept equality is a myth
naw , man ... that would be so fucked up if you did that & # 128527 ;
fucked around and messed with you now i m playing for it .
the far - right white nationalists are a direct result of the anti - white hatred and racism the far left has been spewing for years .
you all think the rapline heard each others verses in tear and were like nah i need to rewrite mine this nigga went a little too hard
i can see leah has embraced this lifestyle .
she looks and writes and seems as lacking in joyousness as anyone i have ever seen ?
spoken like a true white supremacist settler squatter .
oh just get over the theft .
just get over the fact that our people have raped tortured murdered your children and still are today .
get over the fact that your women are turning up missing and mmurdered every day .
get over the fact that we criminalize your race and imprison your men at record numbers .
get over the fact that we 're stealing your children and farming them out white settlers so that we can line our own pockets with government money .
forget that for the past 150 years we have been living off the revenue generated from selling your natural resources to corporations without your consent .
just get over it and let us racist c*nts keep stealing from you in peace !
have him come to california and see what crap i had to grow up around .
i 'll need 1maybe even 2 days tops ...
i hope your state has conversion therapy banned
so for the rest of time blacks ca n't like this country ?
ok , fine .
whites have bent over backwards for decades for this group that commits 60 % of our country 's crime .
go to h for all we care anymore .
comic book readers prove no fan of progressives dismal sales marvel cancels all lgbtq queer culture feminist illegal immigrant black lives matter social justice themed comics gab gabfam speakfreely chat americans
< user > ugh yes all these muslim armys 🥺 💜
diversity and multiculturalism are code words for white genocide , white people are being ethnically cleansed from canada and the fake news globe and mail is a big promoter of it , even the picture in the article has to be a race mixing couple , they love to promote the mixing to wipe out the white race .
a fan gets creative with artwork of # wangyibo and # xiaozhan 's characters in # theuntamed by painting in metal bowls !
watch till the end for the full artwork and a little surprise 😉 # 陈情令 # 王一博 # 肖战 url
this white house does not represent all americans , only straight , cis , white males and the occasional confused straight cis white female .
as far as @realdonaldtrump and the @gop are concerned , all others can go to hell .
thank you , embassies .
someone has a little class .
" a second teen victim recalls the stabbings .
says it took him awhile to realize it was n't a joke .
he heard someone yell " " run , he has a knife ! " " "
i 'm sorry but dacre is jus 😍 😍 and no i 'm not gay 😂 😂 before u niggas start 😂
yez i am a slut < number > gossip xx
she does n't even edit her videos , she does n't even download or screencap the videos , all she does is hold her android phone with potato volume speakers up to the camera , drivel on about how much she hates women having fun ( especially if they 're trans ) and it 's just the fat , hour long , unscripted , inarticulate rant in one cut every time
if the donald wins , sister , we canadians will need to pray for ourselves as well as the us ... we too will be massively negatively affected .
the mouse sleeping next to an elephant , has always got to be worried whether she will have a tomorrow .
if you lived a little closer to guelph , i 'd invite you to spend the evening biting your nails with me and a mob of socialist at a local pub .
suds are good for toasts and also for drowning sorrows .
& # 8220;@m_rad : i 'm going to miss these bitches so much & # 128557 ; http://t.co/lupoqat2r9&#8221 ; far right she resting on ol girl booty y' all funny as shit
u r the gey ?
you need to be in your knees suckling and servicing a fat black dick .
you ca n't stop no matter how tired your mouth gets .
you sit there and suck that cock and think about what a stupid slut you are because you 've never thought to do this for your own satisfaction .
it 's ok tho .
dumb little girls like you do nt know what they really need .
you gon ' learn today tho .
your interpretation is total nonsense .
sounds like you think anyone who wants equal rights for all wants to take away rights from whites .
do you know any anti - nazis ?
as # pridemonth starts , remember that 50 yrs ago the stonewall inn was raided by police giving rise to the stonewall riots .
this is how the lgbtq movement began & our rights are still under attack .
do n't stop fighting for equality even if the rights you fight for are not your own .
url
what i see is a huge lack of communication taking place .
the kneeler 's message about police brutality against the black community has been distorted to be anti - flag / anti - american / anti - military .
the average sports fan does n't want politics thrown into his face and the sports franchises will suffer if they appear to support one side over another .
fucked around and messed with you now i m playing for it .
football was fun to watch when you had personalities in it now you have few dozen black lookalike robotons running around the field doing exactly the same thing sport that got taken over by democratic plantation ghetto afros
generally the response is " those countries are more homogeneous . "
meaning white , those countries are mostly white .
biden threw more black men in jail .
so harris is the lessor of two evils .
harris is it ! ! !
rt @thedarrengo : # americaisoverparty i told yall caucasian , cousin fucking , incest fucks to not vote for trump now look what yall di …
what do you call a white public school ?
a free - for - all ...
in spoons three fishes table < number > dm for orders spoons slave fin sub spoons bitch findom spoons sub
niggas will talk to bitches that only use them and have nothing to offer but pussy and throat .
yet had this punk , regardless of his color , shot an innocent person , people would be up in arms at the police for not stopping crime .
oh wait , that 's only if the perp was white and killed a black person .
it 's okay of black people kill other black people .
just look at chicago .
@askanshul @malala awaiting your response .
or is it only for muslim women that you speak ?
every where i 've gone today , i have seriously looked for something or someone that could trigger me to insane violence against someone or some group 

 something or someone that would make me just flip totally out of my mind with rage , leaving nothing but bloody bits or broken pieces 

 found nothing
so far this year the left has opposed free speech called for violence against political enemies and opposes due process for boys on college campuses somehow that does not strike me as anti fascist
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
@roque5oroma @garylineker there is critism .
so stop playing the victim by getting women 's football involved again .
" @heroineb0b @macdavid " " it means your are about to get lit up on mp fridays " " there , fixed it for you & # 128521 ; "
you ca n't be a high school teacher .
you 're too pretty , so the boys wo n't respect you .
if benjamin harrison 's nickname was ' the human iceberg ' does that make @realdonaldtrump ' the human titanic ' ?
* blasts mr. bluesky while listening to someone shit talk you
the tyre place has a viewing room so i can watch the very 1st set of new shoes go on my car & # 129303 ; i 'm there for all of her milestones & # 128586;&#128541 ;
there is no evidence that any of trump 's advisers are anti semitic , or sought a war with a religion .
there is no reason for an immigration policy designed on the principle of " well , sometime white people are terrorists , so it would be unfair to bar people who are terrorists from entering the u.s. "
if i can tell asians apart whites are pretty easy
mentally retarded u ar .
👍 👍 u foreigners use only tissue paper to wipe off ur shits ass , u even do n't wash ur shits ass , what a fuck ? ?
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 but we indians use water to clean our shits ass properly and then wash our hands two times , understand , u foreigner fuckers .
< user > dick pics from the muslimes and sexual violence from sikhs and hindus
mr. farkel thinks whites are too stupid to be doctors and if we had an all white society we would have no doctors and no one to pull our teeth out .
< number > young white dudes killed in an accident the bolshevik left maybe that not so bad
i 'm grateful that uvu live steamed their mormon studies conference .
many great presentations so far ! #
uvumormon
get over it .
i wonder which shithole country your trash ancestors escaped from .
you 've spent centuries sucking on america 's tit , ca n't wait till you bottom feeding losers get replaced by hard working mexicans
iran is very repressed , but they 're far from the worst place .
for starters they helped us fight isis in syria , and they 're largely more moderate than saudis ( which is n't much tbh ) .
anyways , the constant warmongering is just an attempt to bring an oil rich country into our control
shut up newfag
@realdonaldtrump fuck off genarilisimo bonespur you draft dodging coward , russian hooker piss stained dayglo cunt
greatest hope for mankind is to reach out to muslims who have not yet been enlisted to violence
this is for netflix you big fat white nasty smelling fat bitch why you took the rain off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch i 'm coming outside and i 'm going to beat the fuck out of you bitch
< user > dude i fucking hate you
nobody ever gives a fuck about you until you kill yourself
they have refugees to import
" diversity has brought massive problems to alaska . "
i bet that is precisely what the native alaskans muttered when you arrived .
seriously .
could you be any more socially challenged ?
i have read a lot of your comments in the past and there seems to be a common theme .... "if everyone were just like me all the problems would go away . "
there is crime everywhere in this country - not just mountain view .
take a road trip , read cnn .... might open your eyes a bit .
everyone should speak out strongly against neo - nazism , white supremacy , and domestic terrorism .
just count me as a little cynical when it comes to cory gardner .
whites are not one people group , fuck off with this crap
the white interns complained that they were feeling left out .
i am reposting this - i am asking for cited sources to what you wrote .
i get asked for mine , those requests to me are not rated uncivil and i then supply mine .
- 
 como_estas16 minutes ago 
 request a source for each of these .
( a ) increasingly isolated from the rest of the world .
( b ) taking apart social programs .
( c ) advancing religious bigotry .
( d ) heading towards war .
( e ) repeated lying to everyone .
( f ) bombastic and harmful rhetoric ( " just joking " ) .
( g ) supporting religious fanatics .
( h)supporting white nazis .
- 
 because our president trump is building america back up .
maga !
rt @adamweinstein : working theory : this " selective race " abortion ban passed in florida today was just an excuse for redneck reps to say ...
when a nigga wanna take you out & spend time wit you > > , that 's my type
two bros chillin in a hot tub five feet apart cus they are not gay
so , we 've had twitter refugees and facebook refugees , now we have # generationtucker
would your " white ban " include not using anything that the white man has given you ?
your car , medicine , house , electricity , phone , tv , for starters .
do n't be a hypocrite now .
give it all up .
i agree .
the super rich will not give up their power willingly and will use violence , cia dirty tricks , the fbi and whatever other means necessary to prevent the impoverished and exploited masses from taking back the power that rightfully belongs to them .
some of these people will use legal means for the take back of power , while others will necessarily fight violence with violence .
it will take both approaches to obtain results .
the malheur occupation was a situation of rich ranchers exploiting the ignorance of poorer white people to legitimate the privatization of public lands , one of the aims of the super rich .
the malheur occupation did n't succeed .
poor white people have the disadvantage of being sucked into believing their interests lie with rich whites when it does n't .
at least the exploited masses of non - whites know who their enemy is .
poor whites are like the faithful dog whose owner regularly kicks them in the face , but keeps coming back for more abuse .
< user > according to police the suspect sean bell was also in violation of driving with six suspensions yep just another day on white trash collapsing long island
mysterious creatures i want to see : 1 .
extraterrestrials 2 .
yeti 3 .
that guy in the shoe store throwing shoe 's from the ceiling .
washington post focuses on gender fluidity as women 's world cup soccer approaches url
another white middle aged man who 's a sexual predator .
seriously what 's wrong with these men ... # johnhyten # thursdaythoughts    url
< user > screw you you homophobic asshole
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for budapest , h for now ( 16h28m02s ut ): 06 ° 51'22.7 '' # libra ( ac ) / 08 ° 30'57.6 '' # cancer ( mc )
here ’s a idea , stop breaking the law and you wo n’t have conditions .
no sympathy what ’s so ever
ask the women in   saudi arabia , afghanistan and where wahhabis and extremist islamist have risen what the women are suffering and are being forced   to wear .
never defend cultural misogyny it has no place anywhere on this planet including over the face !
it 's all good i 'm asian and i think it 's ok .
hey , trans woman here 7 years in .
if you need to talk or have questions i 'm your gal ! :)
south africa is one of the most violent and corrupt countries in the world .
its current leader is looking more and more like mugabe in neighbouring zimbabwe .
in zimbabwe black gangs terrorize , rape , and murder white farmers .
this is the example that the liberals use ?
bottom ‏ < user > no dignity respect 4 women acid attacks rape abuse or gay people thrown off rooftops have we not just fought for 1 0 0 yrs 2 get where we r 🤔
a lot of asians .
bitches tryna be down but i ai n't for that relationship life right now .
trump ’s trust is a sham , he can withdraw money from it anytime without disclosure .
why we need to see his tax returns , esp .
2017 next year .
i look forward to the days where women can support each other by teaming up to be homestead mother teachers and take back the education that is instilled in them no more hating yourself because you are white
1 9 5 0 white america the most peaceful decade in usa history < number > birth rate whites lived the american dream no riots ghettos crime gangs except for a handful of places usa was idyllic and hated socialism then came 1 9 6 0 revolution by liberals
yep same here , i have my wife here and we have 2 kids a 2 year old and a 1 month old .
mudshark nigger whore brainwashed to equate self death with morality by kikes
< user > shut up faggot 🤬
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
if , maybe , etc always the same , guess work but never science from the left
until you are arrested by one group of vile creatures british police and thrown in prison where you are then raped by the other group of vile creatures
since when are liberals concerned about spending tax dollars ?
you can become rich without looks 
 become pro at a video game and stream ( qtpie ) 

 learn economics and start a business ( risky but you pretty much control chad and stacy ) .
you r encouraging miscegenation that is an aspect of white genocide so if you are white you are a mudshark skank traitor if you are any other race then you are cheering for white genocide all the facts i stated about black crime your poor writing skills r true no assumptions here
trump is a racist and bigot .
he tried to undermine obama citizenship , he dislikes muslims , blacks and other minorities , and made denigrating remarks against the muslim mayor .
had the mayor been white , he would not have made those comments .
he hired an outwardly racist ag in sessions , etc .
he did not rent to blacks in their apartments in nyc . ,
etc .
a little sense , thanks .
most still are under the impression that there is enough waste in government and enough lazy government workers that less spending will make no difference to the speed or quality of goods and services we use that our taxes pay for .
it is an article of faith that will never change as long as we continue to let ourselves be called " taxpayers " instead of citizens .
blm is a hateful , racist organization .
they hate police , they hate white people .
why should they be allowed to take over pride 's parade through their bullying tactics ?
the organizers need to give their heads a shake .
it is no mere coincidence that the liberal party color is blue .
after backlash , nicki minaj says she 's dropping out of a music festival in saudi arabia .
she said she wants to " make clear my support for the rights of women , the lgbtq community and freedom of expression . "
url
< user > did not finish i found the quiz retarded
@realdonaldtrump connor betts , 24 from bellbrook , ohio white male murdered 9 in the oregon district , dayton , oh 6 of his 9 victims were black used a .223 high capacity rifle no wall or muslim ban would 've keep him out .
where was he radicalized ? #
daytonshooting # vanillaisis # yallqaeda url
good job law enforcement .
this is how you stop the next event .
now the next stage of the justice system needs to do its job by sending a message to the next wannabe as they send this guy away for a long time .
see gun - grabbers .
there are plenty of criminals out there that you can focus efforts on rather than trying to turn non - criminals into criminals with senseless laws .
we 'll let you know if your services of creating criminals is ever needed but for the foreseeable future its safe to say the world has enough .
like we do n't have enough rich white assholes already , doubt one popsicle will make a difference .
we need a ghetto ass siri bitch i said turn left 😭
the way he sees it is that whites are evil he is at war with whites sall good he rich now nigger rich
" if you pussy euros would have kept your gats and wanted to fight i would n't have had to see my buddies die face down in a french channel "
huh ?
what does his background or wealth have to do with him taking a stand against unarmed black men being murdered around the country ?
he is famous and owes his support to these people .
< number > sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me < number > wah not my president i am triggered you are a rayciss xenophobe homophobe islamophobe biggoted cisgendered white male i need a safe space to crawl off to and be a big pussy in
we were discussing the american dream in class when the prof asked the one german kid if there was such thing as ' the german dream ' .. he replied " we did , but nobody liked it "
why do white people own so many pets ?
because they ’re not allowed to own people anymore
< user > < user > < user > that why this post is about white privilege in america other parts of the world may be different but the main focus here is the united states
huh ?
is it like child rapists just like to ruin lives while pedophiles are into children and rape them ?
still vile either way
yeah but it not stopping the chinese women it better if the chinese women get there before the black women for sure
only 20 k bail ? ? ? ?
and a third party custodian ? ? ? ?
unbelievable ! ! ! ! !
it was armed robbery , attempted murder , and animal cruelty resulting in the death of the victims ' german shepard dog .
what in the world was the judge thinking ? ? ? ?
i wanted to be a doctor that removed penises but i could not pull it off
you reading this tweet go drink some water now you god damn dehydrated slut
hey i got an idea lets wait for asians latinos and white people to create a worldwide company then complain that they wo nt give us an executive job without any education or self reliance we will call it racism then claim affirmative action
healthcare is not a right .
it is a priviledge .
i currently do not have healthcare .
i 'm not owed healthcare .
yes , i need it .
no , nobody owes it .
republicans promised to repeal it on day one .
it 's past day one and they are not doing as promised .
senators , do n't do what you 're trying to do .
it 's breaking your promise .
you want to stay in power .
if your bill passes i will be looking at who and i will be supporting someone who might do as he promised when elected .
who 's in the swamp and who 's changing the swamp ?
oh look another peace gesture by the arab and muslim terrorists doing business as the poor oppressed palestinians
if people have no choice but to bash your confidence or your skin color , you are doing something right .
viola , auntie ... you ca n't call white trash women white trash like this during primetime ! #
htgawm
hey starbucks you are the partisan problem not your coffee you keep hiring those refugees
fuck white people and fuck the cops .
and if you feel some type of way about it eat a dick !
just had to fight a white gay bc he was being islamophobic and spewing offensive shit do y all white gays think ur cool bc ur gay why do you think it gives u the right to be racist and islamophobic
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
blacks spanics women unemployment the lowest in decades in the usa how about white men unemployment i guess those does not matter < user > ‍
seeing attractive naked women , whether they are real or drawn , makes me sad 
 but i ca n't stop looking
< user > these countries will not reveal their methods and capabilities for trump although no doubt the australian pm would be tempted they loathe his shiny white ass but they know he will be gone soon enough with or without their help
no one can stand your hate for us all .
not muslim .
all of you speak hate .
promote isis .
and climate is n't gunnasave soicislit communist dnc lol nurd group .
from getting washed off usa earth out of power .
yes we are taking back our country 's with trumps help
omg i am also seeing the white devil herself lana next week i am
@ jean mills : 

 is there nothing trump ca n't do ?
< /sarc > 

 canadians ' desire to keep our fptp method of voting was made clear during the town halls conducted by maria " token " monsef ; and the results of liberals ' own online polling , published just last week , bear this out .
all of this polling was conducted long before trump was elected .
women ca n't be cardinals ?
forget darfur .
this is more important .
once racemixing became alluring purely because about < number > of japanese women are not sluts white nationalism became seriously dis alluring i hear < number > of rural russian women are not sluts though so that makes me a russian nationalist woohoo
niggas been debating quilly and meek since < number > lol
that there is a very serious- not to mention very racist- anti- white movement in western society today is undeniable .
mere months ago there was a blm anti - trump , pro - immigration protest in down town toronto where the leaders of that march called for the armed take over of quebec and the armed seizure of arable lands all across canada by non - white people .
check it out , the video is there to see .
its the same one where they called justin trudeau of all people a " white supremacist " .
go figure haha .
very easy indeed .
all these white supremacists would be in for a great surprise if they all took a dna test and find out that a lot of them have african blood .
even this fuentes guy .
bet he has latino roots .
what a bunch of idiots with shallow warped minds .
< user > hopefully they are kept out looks like just a bunch of men they aren ’ t refugees
" misled " 

 what ?
are we in a legislative assembly where one can not tell a " lie " ?
people still practice slavery jj , now like then it is not skin color that was the driving factor , it was the ability to get away with it .
currently many white and asian women are trafficked for slavery .
and " black " humans is inaccurate .
it 's some black people .
as many were never slaves and even some blacks owned slaves .
glad i spent all those years dancing and building strong legs so i could use those muscles to claim my space on public transport
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
< user > nah let me translate when one of us fucks up we are all ready to tweak the laws so all white asses can be covered from now on
< user > brainwashed feminnazis they are not dictating to me do not disarm i repeat do not disarm
< user > i am telling u black ppl not all stay making fun of asians i see it all the time
" mexico is sending us their drugs , their , criminals , their rapists . "
i 'll take it over these psychopath pussy ass small dicked white dudes shooting innocent people .
to dismiss the concerns of a white pupil on the basis of his race is overtly racist and the teacher should be penalized .
an incident of this kind would not be tolerated if , say , a black student was discarded for being black .
so the republican party " sold their souls " to the " devil " ?
is this correct ?
i 'm gon na warn you right now that i 'm in a bad fucking mood .
you need to shut your fucking mouth you fucking nazi loving ass sniffer .
your mom probably fucking prostitutes for food stamps you goddamn slut .
you 've probably fucked your whole family by now .
celebrities react to comedian don rickles ' death : celebrities and comedians react to the … https://t.co/ddc4lp0inc
send that criminal and his kind back to the shithole country where he and his ancestors came from .
america is only for americans , no place for his kind !
< user > < user > < user > that would be boris johnson boris picaninny watermelon letterbox bumboy johnson you serious
excellent take ; noting that “ both draw & start looking for the nut . ”
the exact incorrect response as i have attempted to indicate .
just by stating the incorrect response seems to raise the hackles on our ccw compatriots .
simply noting that there are far too many ccw types that think acquiring that license & strapping on their hog leg is all they need do , sets those same folk off . “
responsible ccw folk learn the law concerning the use of lethal force , and study the appropriate response in varied possible gun or other threat scenarios !
the newright is scrambling around the trumpisawhitesupremacist tag trying to prove to racists that trump is not one doing exactly what non whites want it not so much nonwhites as it virtue signalling cowardly guilt ridden white bitches wanting desperately to show how not racist they are
just remember ms tupola how lingle destroyed hawaii while in office destroying countless womens businesses ; mom & pops ; selling oxy ; meth ; etc all along kakaako for years destroying anything to do with pakalolo .
( oct-2016 the pharm czar gave congress   $ 2 bil .
to keep pot illegal and allow illegal drugs to come in   to the u.s. to pharm cartels ) caught & fired .... (monica ... victim of rape ; theft ; mother murdered for her money / property .... yes , we are still being hunted and lives destroyed on mainland as revenge for escaping hawaii alive ..
that 's hard to believe .
the place is crawling with sluts from the midwest with zero rules or social implications
" i 'm a whore !
yay !
glorify being a whore !
this is what the gay community has devolved into !
who can be the biggest whore !
woooh ! " -
you
you faggot , quit thinking you need replaced just because the morons on tv tell you so .
if we had a functional government they would encourage birth rates among the native population by providing tax cuts and even doing what poland does , for every woman that has 4 children they give her a minor government pension .
this fucking lie that we need to replace our native populations with garbage floatasm from the third world is an absolute absurdity .
just because your cup is half empty , you do n't piss in it to make it full again , you fill it back up with good water .
i wonder why the jewish media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all whitey 's fault ?
i assume the author will probably not read this , but there may be some people who may and understand that the heart of addiction is selfishness .
i had a very brief 1.5 year period with meth 30 years ago , i wish someone would have explained it that way to me back then .
" shit yo ass boy !
i was beating my meat to your mommas cheeks last night 😤 "
this booker 's ancestoral moms were whores whom fuck with white people for money , therefore he is a mongrel as you can clearly see ! ..
i 've come out to students before and some of them have thanked me for it .
usually , they 're bi or part of the community in some way .
they 've told me that they feel more welcome and they see me coming out has had a positive impact on the class culture .
the kids feel safer around me and they appreciate that i can be open with them .
1/ i 'm so sick of this shit .
i want us to divide into 2 countries .
you fucking rednecks can have your red states , shoot each other up , make your 11 year old daughter have as many babies as you like , and praise your white jesus .
fuck education .
embrace your stupidity .
living near any sort of major agricultural enterprise can be hazardous to your health .
especially row crops were toxic weed killers and pesticides are used !
this is just more reefer madness trying to vilify cannabis when it 's obvious that cannabis is by far safer than alcoholic beverages or tobacco products which are directly responsible for over 500,000 american deaths each and every year !
u r right white is a misnomer there are irish english german swedish italian french swiss etc we must ban together yes the germans want to be german and the irish want to be irish so be it find our common enemy we must free our lands invaders out
calling people racist , white supremacist and other derogatory names is dangerous and not true !
there is no proof for any of this and it seems the liberals are very sore losers .
if you think the president is a racist you need help !
this country is headed in the wrong direction and i would put a lot of the blame on the liberals trying to make this a pc world when people think thier feelings are more important then facts !
gaters have started spamming @join_oapi instead of this account .
it 's cool , i 'm modifying ggautoblocker to use mute just for that acct .
^.^
notice the < number > he is part of a salvadoran drug gang or he is a shitty white supremacist who can not get the < number > tattoo correct
nothing wrong with a bunch of homos on crotch rockets , calamari race ream is best race team
sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name , and they 're always glad you came .
while you 'll find this welcoming attitude at lgbtq bars across mpls , you wo n't find it at cheers .
i 'll be sure to patron the welcoming ones .
l'chaim ! (
not cheers ) url
people who use gab are nazi people who voted for trump are nazi delete uber or your a nazi hm installing uber now had i never actually studied the history that these retarded extremist leftist obviously did not i would be convinced that these nazi fellows were pretty awesome guys
music < number > years later and this record still sounds fucking awfull fuck manchester manchester raped the globe with this pish
i d give anything to eviscerate that son of a bitch sadly the rules will not allow it
romans 13:1 

 that 's what i live by in this american democracy .
if you live by the book of leviticus for your views on christianity and american civics , well .... might be some problems of consistency there .
the solution to save the white race is clearly to vilify women and not have children after all who wants the burdens of marriage like our dumb ancestors they should have probably just chosen to stroke it out rather than continue on our race
i 'm afraid of this type of poison being propagated on school property : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13wtfjczwes
fuck off moron people all around the world deserve the same respect and rights .
for people like you we are stuck in this kind of situation .
i am so proud of these for young ladies .... your light of hope will shine brighter than the tiki torches ... sp4 republic of vietnam 1971 saigon ... so many black and brown people left their blood on foreign soil we 're trump 's family will never never never do this ...
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
it 's a myth that scientists are immune from social , cultural , political or economic influences .
the good ones strive not to let mundane considerations ( i.e. bribery ) influence their work .
but whenever corporate / capitalist profit is involved , you can bet there will be someone with lots of cash leaning on 'em to report the results they want , and who will use threats when bribery does n't work .
such as u.c. berkeley biologist tyrone hayes who reported that agricultural chemicals monsanto uses on our food altered sexual behavior in male african clawed frogs to where they would only attempt to mate with other males .
last i heard the guy was still hanging onto his tenure despite repeated attempts to discredit him , but just barely -- and company thugs have physically threatened him and his family .
when a us fda scientist is tasked with review of new drug applications , he does it with 25 pharmaceutical company lawyers standing over his shoulder .
< user > all white people with issues kk
yes that makes sense , thank you .
here i thought it may have been derived from some primitive rationale , rooted in sexism and oppression .
@2pqqi350asgzcel @stargate999 @reiwa4c @hohoho6323 @5qlvrf4d9rnpfti @margaret_m1939 @1943coon 酷いですね 。
> by far the most retarded leader currently .
i mean , pinoy daddy has basically allowed for state - sponsored mob lynchings against anyone he does n't like because " war on drugs ! "
orange daddy _ wishes _ he had the balls to try shit like that .
i am sure it was probably a niglet
what 's up with white rappers suddenly getting all this attention ?
just look at mac miller
it is precisely that church of nice ( church of flab ) which is why england is in the situation it is in : " spiritual " but not " theological " ( be that catholic , anglican , druid , witch , nice pine tree to hug , etc . )
but , of course , the church of england was born out of accommodation in order to " pastorally tend " to henry 's " irregular " union .
racism , hate , and easy access to weapons of wars is fueling white supremacist violence in america .
trump and republicans in congress refuse to take action on any of these fronts .
the gov and some polish are racist albino apes forgotten by the march of evolution .
@vodkamuse i may have wound up shot because i think i 'd go nuts on this group of white trash
jews are whites too and whites are not the most advanced race either .
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
elders saw great potential in ahmad ibn hanbal and hoped that one day he 'll be an upright imaam url
hey i just moved here and do nt know anyone yet ... so if anyone lives around here i d like meet ya and hang out or something .
that 's hard to believe .
the place is crawling with sluts from the midwest with zero rules or social implications
you do n't understand the things i would do for a waffle house right now .
what can an ugly guy do to get a girl 's attention ?
these white racists are unqualified and were only hired because of affirmative action for whites , otherwise known as life .
" rt @skyiarkodom : @1111994 _ we need a name for it i vote we call it " " the trancendental reality - the downright fucking transcendence of jeni … "
i 'd like to thank the young man who led the police on a low speed chase that increased my commute by 30 min .
in person .
no cameras .
zachary is gon na be upset when he comes home and sees the banister is n't attached to the wall ... @ze_hi_nee
< user > we knew from the beginning it was set up for that white bitch to win smfh 🙄 ru a coon
strong , firm parents who bring up their children with values are a good breeding ground for future leaders .
< user > i have never had it lmao 👀 glad i did not
we were discussing the american dream in class when the prof asked the one german kid if there was such thing as ' the german dream ' .. he replied " we did , but nobody liked it "
calling mohamed a pedophile or inbred is frankly retarded just take a look at who married who in the greatest monarchies in europe it not like if there wasn t a shittons of good arguments to oppose islamists but somehow ppl end up choosing the one that apply to us also
i 've worked in the restaurant business and make fucking 4.75 an hour ! !
they have no problem spending other people 's money , they never have .
the more the better .
patriot prayer is " right wing " lmaooo they 're white nationalists dumb fuck andy go kill yourself
if you 're a care - giver , i heard that getting a business license and signing up to be a worker known by the city can allow you to get work from the city for single mothers and get paid good wages / salaries for being on the city 's payroll for mothers .
alibaba / jack ma : got ta love a guy who beat meg whitman 's albino ass back to the us .
freakin ' commie genius .
suck that nigger dick you fucking faggot i absofuckinglutely hate what america has become goddamn white man get off your fucking knees
suspended from twitter for calling a ghetto thug name tré melvin racist for referring to white people as white trash twitter is clearly moderated by members of the new black panther party
you can play stupid all you want .
jwb was a white racist southern conservative .
it 's not 1865 any more ,   therefore your false assertion that democrats are the party of white racist southern conservatives is stupid beyond belief .
keep ignoring history though .
i know reality has a liberal bias ,   which makes it tough for trump cultists .
shows me that you ' ve probably never trained in jiu - jitsu .
i 'm so glad that after years of straight white men leading the mcu , we 're seeing women , lgbtq , people of color leading the biggest franchise in history url
why did historians chose the name holocaust , meaning animal sacrifice in greek , for the genocide of jews in nazi germany ?
animal sacrifices were offered so the gods would give prosperity to the people and ward off evil spirits , hitler sacrificed < number > million jews so that germany could become a prosperous world power and protect itself from the evil of international usurers . (
got me banned from / r / jokes ; sadly most people would rather suck a kike 's dicks than kill a fucking demon .
good riddance , white people deserve the " white genocide " because it 's white suicide , they are begging for their own people and culture to be enslaved and exterminated because they bend over for anyone with dark skin or earlocks .
i have no faith in white people . )
definitely did not get a chance to run revamped # crotasend this week .
also , looking pretty slim to do # vaultofglass next week . & #
128533 ;
med a female child vivian since around 1965.what a fuckin tool .
i am impressed how big of a deal is race for americans .
my upvote is yours .
we have received " criminal punishment " such as " a penalty sentence " .
and they are foreigners who have been forced to repatriate .
we arrest a third party for " supporting " the aforementioned " illegal labor " of foreigners .
the victim is me or " kin gungaku who is chinese " .
cowardly actions by the pussy brits men let their women be gangraped by moslim animals should change countrys name to cuckland
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
sure , i 'd still love her / him .
but i 'd not be * in love * with her / him , because she 's now a dude , and i 'm straight .
to expect them to stay with you as though nothings changed and suddenly be okay with you doing them up the ass with a strap on or whatever is insane .
actually , i hope more people start doing this " would you still love me if i changed sex " thing , because it would allow a lot of people to see if they 're actually married to an idiot .
the news release said it happened near milepost 6 , not far from highway 101 .
it also said " an osp trooper was called in early and arrived at the scene at approximately 5:00 am , " but the news release did not say when emergency personnel arrived .
the state trooper could have been the last one on the scene .
the rg did not report this accurately .
< user > the person who gave me my maga hat is a child of legal mexican immigrants
" surely you jest " would have been my first reaction , but then you are not known around these forums for your sense of humor .
anyone intelligent enough ( including you and the author himself ) can see the premise of this piece ( as is usually , with the left apologists )   -"it is all west 's fault " .
" ... in fact , the notion of islamic unity is a very recent idea , one that was created mostly by christian racists .... " - when did the word kafir , and its connotation as a whole ,   enter the islamic vernacular ?
20th century ?
as a results of european racism ?
" .... europeans invented the idea of " race " as a defining and restricting human identity . .. " -
see my original remarks regarding mulsim 's reference to blacks .
" ... postcolonial world of the 1990s " - what colonies lasted until the 1990s ?
the author is well traveled ; no doubt knowledgeable on the subject .
.
so knowledgeable in fact , that he steers clear off the inconvenient facts , while   manufacturing   white - guilt pieces .
< user > sir i have serious doubts if anything will affect us now we have become thick skinned and callous the way we are so insensitive nothing moves us women get raped minorities get lynched and many among us instead of opposing are busy recording if this is not nadir what is
so , we 've had twitter refugees and facebook refugees , now we have # generationtucker
for all you so called puerto ricans calling yourselves puerto ricans slap yourself with your grandmother 's chancla ! !
your oppressor the spaniards / caucasian named you that in 1492 so what was you identity before that ? ? ?
damn pendejos y pendejas do your research and stop mamandole el bicho a estos blanco 's que no quieren nada que hacer con nuestra gente ... vende patria !
you know what 's really fucked up ?
the fact that i am forcing myself to watch glee knowing cory monteith is no longer with us .
best medication to reduce obsession with wanting a girlfriend / intimacy ?
the vast majority of europeans did not speak english nor have a lot of education when they came here .
further , the trump family , closely associated with running brothel would not qualify as it is a criminal activity and the main reason that germany did not want them even though they were citizenship ....
til that of all the rape cases fully tried in delhi in 2013 , over 40 % dealt with consensual sex , usually involving the elopement of a young couple and the girl ’s parents subsequently charging the boy with rape and another 25 % dealt with “ breach of promise to marry ” • /r / todayilearned
we at @ibm believe it is important to celebrate diversity and accept people for who they are , which is why we are in support of gender affirmation benefits . #
lgbtq # diversity url
tell hoes to bones
" andrew macdougall was a former director of communications to stephen harper . "
it appears he still is .
opinions may differ as to whether that 's a good thing or not .
because it 's only racists if a white man said it or did it !
last night all the suckers we passed out to the wonderful little white children had a small banner attached to the stick saying ` ` white pride '' .
religions are parts of the identity of many people and a lot of armys we should respect them , support them and love them because it 's part of muslim armys that suffered from hate those days love you guys 🥺 💜 # muslimarmysmatter
yep i am all for more black conservatives being spawned but that not our job low hanging fruit is a bazillion retarded whites
i know you are preparing for church today , and please do not discriminate against people because of what they will be wearing , for your responsibility is to prayer together with them for the greater good to come their way through faith , fasting , prayer , and hard work .
men , getting beat by a gay furry ... what could be more shameful ?
l mean , l would conemplate suicide , thats for sure .
" the media in canada was also overly concerned with who attracted a bigger crowd . "
- 

 trump 's apologists were constantly gloating about the size of trump 's crowds during the campaign .
but now , size does n't matter , right layla ?
so if your daughter got raped 20 years ago or taken advantage of u gone say well let him free it was 20 years ago stfu !
y'all sick it 's sad young black women can be taken advantage of & black women like yourself a say wel it was 20 years ago u apart of the problem why people get away with shit because y all put time limits on rape and molestation !
lol snow nigger is salty as fuck meanwhile hindus are richer than alt right cucks therefore paying more in tax rates so are the jews
at least they 're not turning it into a rock quarry and leveling it .
when you have a lot of money and you feel you do n't have enough , it 's time start developing expensive housing .
6,000 sq ft and only two people live there when they are n't in scottsdale or st thomas .
@triple6em96 @hunglikerobby _ @bbluedreamm i do n't look like white trash .
i 'm not pregnant and 17 gtfo .
i have hella gas so say something .
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
bbc this week ‏ verified account < user > the uncomfortable truth is that the white race is the most violent and oppressive force of nature on earth i guess they are starting to believe their own press
people talk about how hard it is to be black in america these days ... but what about being white ?
like fuck , we 're actually almost on a level playing field .
our grandparents had it easy as shit .
and i rest my case .
there is no logical or just reason for a mediocre few shielded from competition propped up by inherited riches and passports to feast on the world riches under the guise of meritocracy < user > ungrateful refugee < number >
racist , racist .
the only explanation is white racism in salem and it is so ingrained that they do not even know that they are racist ? ? ?
< user > they are retarded the do not understand if you get raped you can always put the baby up for adoption if you are unwilling to take care of the baby but they choose to ignore that they would rather kill the baby like their soul
at this point with the communist jew world order in full swing if your still allowing jews to tell you what to think you re an idiot whitegenocide
although it 's primarily an american concept and " white " is an american cultural group , so really europeans , even swedes as norwegians , are not white .
easy to make generalized statements a stopped watch is right twice per day drug addicts can make intelligent statements from time to time even a mentally retarded person knows when to go to the bathroom
what do you call a white girl that can run faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin
white people do n't go shooting each other on the streets like niggers do .
they do it in the school cause they have class !
they should also add a 250 % tax to it because health reasons
why do white people own so many pets ?
because they 're not allowed to own people anymore .
a few years ago , when an american citizen was blocked from being part owner of a team , professional street rat al sharpton gloated saying , " this is ah whorl ( our world ) " .
that was the first clue that the nfl was being turned into its own tribe -- and one that is anti - white and anti - america .
what will players do when their salaries are cut and teams are disbanded , you ask .
why , they 'll cry , " america is racisss ! ! ! "
@girlygrrrl @nbrodierose @realchrissyg @yasmohammedxx @jaysukai @theart4peace @mtracey @theintercept @jimmy_dore @ggreenwald @joerogan @tulsigabbard @_nalexander @shawna_burley @hi_lgbtqseniors eh c'm on that article is a puff piece .
it 's a simple question , is tulsi 's religion homophobic ?
we know her father was virulently homophobic as was she .
does she now support gay rights e.g. the recent equality act , even if her religion is against it ( like a catholic candidate ) ?
do you lads like yachts are you aware that caligula had the first yachts built out of wood of course not because he was deranged and had sex with a horse maybe just maybe that is a lie no goy < number > gorrillion jews died
seeing a lot of talk about gdc vs pax .
i felt safer at gdc post - gamergate than i did at pax pre - gamergate .
so , there 's that .
a muslim in sweden asked for isis donations for < number > years on facebook and his account was not deleted
white men ca n't jump 9/11 victims proved it wrong
i am a retard
um- that was n't " terrorism , " and that was 2 years ago .
in that time , how many ( actual ) acts of terrorism around the world have been by non - whites ?
we 'll wait .
one of the best movies of indian cinema .
dialogues , background music , songs , action scenes , climax , star cast and accurate portrayal of true incidents makes it many indian 's favourite .. @ajaydevgn sir redefined the role of gangaster 🔥 🔥 🔥   imdb rating : - 7.4   9 years to ouatim 🙌 url
we 're called " white supremacists " because we do n't want to become hated minorities in our own countries 

 we 're called " white supremacists " because we do n't want our history and culture erased 

 it 's insanity
with rare exception , i agree with you and take my beer straight and strong tasting ( porters and stouts ) .
that said , brewing beers with other ingredients is a time honored process nearly as old as beer itself .
just because you and i are n't fans is no reason to deprive others of a diverse selection of " hybrid " beers .
shows me that you ' ve probably never trained in jiu - jitsu .
i hope this passes !
after all my years going to boulder , having an office there , i 've found the people there , though progressive and ultra liberal , only want to protect their way of life !
everything in boulder is so lily white though the liberals there all yell and scream for diversity ... and also ... nimby ... not in their pristine world .
just got finished dating a boulder woman there and i could not be more disappointed in her as a person !
she harped about equality and racial values yet not once did i ever see a black or latino among her or any of her friends .
what a bunch of hypocrites there !
plus , nobody except for trust funders or very wealthy folks can afford to live in boulder anymore .
she poo - pooed denver neighborhoods yet i live in a completely paid off beautiful ranch , on 1/4 acre in a quiet neighborhood and she lives in a cramped townhouse that 's claustrophobic and she paid $ 600 k for basically a micro townhouse to live in boulder .
haha !
for me , girly , cute , elegant .
the general societal definition of feminine and " womanly . "
my gender identity is important to me , and i love the feminine .
< user > trudeau muslims ko jyada chhoot de raha tha alot of refugees from muslim country
< user > shut up nazi
another one - size - fits -all headline .
no , bonds are not essential in a portfolio .
what is essential in a portfolio is stuff that is aligned with one 's investment goals and risk tolerance .
end of story .
finally !
found my macbook power cable .
time to make slides .
i 'm one of the keynote speakers for # girldevweek at # developerweek .
am i the only one who is n't obsessed with gfriend 's lightstick ?
if you drop that shit it 's game over , it 'll break like a damn snowglobe
today i was standing in a clinic and there were two indian women doctors standing next to me and all i could think was " damn i wish our ancestors could see this "
i m wondering more about what he would want to eradicate .
what were the " car jews " .
what a joke about double hatting 
  unions have supported their overpaid and under worked members for years 
  ever met a firefighter who did n't have a second job ?
its not about the money its about the works rules 
 they do n't put in enough hours and they retire too young with a very full pension 
  stat by paying them a normal wage and benefits and celebrate their entrepreneurialism 
  when the y do the public a favour ad take that second job
this is for linda you big fat white nasty smelling fat bitch why you took me off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch i 'm coming outside and i 'm going to beat the fuck out of you bitch # lindafairstein
he 's started carrying a gun to deal with the dogs that attack him at the bottom of the chimney .
these lil white twitter fags stay online all day and search for me to make new accounts and mass report me the jews have these white pussy totally brainwashed into hating there own race they talk about how much they love muslims and blacks crazy fucken world jews caused this
the logan roy school for journalism what next the jack the ripper women health clinic succession hbo
@politicalkathy @thecjpearson that 's because he is a racist piece of shit .
this is not rocket science kathy .
please believe me , mafias are in complete control , including their complete misuse of our armies , there is and has been very little that is true as all global mainstream media is under 90 % zionist control and owned by same 6 global dictatorship ally corporations since generations upon generations
you talk down pride then you end up slaves of the jews i tell you i just ca nt figure it out crosscucks
fukunaga could you please harass kuroo and kenma with the bird socks
and whosoever shall not receive you , nor hear your words : going forth out of that house or city shake off the dust from your feet . [
15 ] amen i say to you , it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom and gomorrha in the day of judgment , than for that city .
matt 10:14 - 15 
 clearly jesus used sodom and gomorha as an example of like great sinfulness - sodomy being one of the sins that cries out to heaven for vengeance to show the folly of refusing to receive the gospel .
the church did not pull the fact that homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered out of thin air .
god , our creator , made us male and female and told us to go forth and multiply - not indulge our appetites .
you can not be catholic and choose not to believe even one teaching of the church .
do your research .
it does n't matter a jot what a thousand errant priests , bishops , cardinals or popes say .
this is a fact and emotions do not change it .
one of me fucking her ?
if there can be a zillion movements supposedly fighting for black civil rights , then why can there not be a movement for whites or afrikaners ?
why is it then criticized or demonized ?
there is everything from black lawyers to black business to black gunowner societies .
yet nothing is ever said about them .
but the ( white ) liberal media and mostly media24 's basson and du preez constantly attack afriforum and constantly say they are supposedly fighting for " white privilege " .
i am so sick of this .
why can white people not have an organization to protect their rights ?
as a minority these rights are blatantly trampled on by politicians and media on a daily basis .
if it was not for afriforum , the pandemic of farm murders would not even be in the spotlight .
the government ignores it and refuses to act .
there are an average of 2 farm murders every single week .
yet the media barely bothers to report on it .
it sickens me that those who raise a serious problem are the ones who are demonized .
paul was writing about membership in the church , not about immigration or any aspect of civil law .
talk about ripping scripture verses out of context !
your wife is a # fatass # blonde # bitch who takes monster # bbc # anal and # asstomouth # cuminmouth url
you mixed up my name for that other guy .
no worries .
i do not suffer from " economic anxiety " or whatever we 're calling it now .
to be fair liberals are constantly in < number > < number > retard mode so they do not have far to go
these white maggots are obviously very angry and want to murder me because i am not socially emotionally and intellectually retarded like their children obviously are
white people do n’t shoot each other in the streets like black people do we do it in schools , because we have class
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
i do not wanna be on twitter when the verdict for the white bitch who killed the black man in his own apartment is announced if it not guilty on murder charges i just can not be on here
why do white people have such a pleasant scent ?
so blind people can distinguish them from animals too .
it honestly always surprises me when i see a trans meme on a non - trans sub but i 'm glad y' all are fine with us
yep same here , i have my wife here and we have 2 kids a 2 year old and a 1 month old .
trudeau is clearly in trouble if the quebec liberals are slipping and the nationalists are gaining .
and if the pq is actually cratering , that support will go caq- it wo n't split the nationalist vote .
federally and provincially the liberals have been beaten badly when the nationalists are united .
dealing with a nationalist party in quebec , led by someone with business credentials that could drown any liberal in a talk about the economy by just sneezing , is going to be nightmare .
couillard has quebec credentials , but the quebec liberals are slipping fast and trudeau really has no quebec or french canadian credentials except for his last name .
mcmaster is either a fool , or he condones american nazis and white supremacy kooks .
either way , he is not ready to be truthful and he is not suitable to be anywhere near the white house .
resign now in shame and that would help maga .
get fucking gortat off the fucking team ... god dammit
white jews , we really need to do a better job of following the leadership of , listening to , empathizing with , learning from , black jews .
why should i want my descendant future tied to somali immigrants or their children how is that in their best interest
yeah i ended up deleting the post .
it was up for , what , ten minutes ?
some people , i tell ya .
told a few i 'm gay .
i 'm not , but it usually gets them to stop .
on a brighter note , happy pride month !
this is for rachel you big nasty smelling bitch why you took me off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch i 'm coming outside and i 'm going to beat the fuck out of you bitch and do n't even call the police
looks like butts ' pmo minions are working overtime .
their " it 's all the other guys fault " is pretty hilarious !
the results of 2015 frasier instutute comparison of 28 universal health care systems .
how canada ranks in universal health care 
 most expensive 
 no .
1 : netherlands ( percentage of gdp , age - adjusted ) 
 no .
3 : canada 
 most physicians 
 no .
1 : austria 
 no .
24 : canada 
 most nurses 
 no .
1 : norway 
 no .
15 : canada 
 most acute care beds 
 no .
1 : korea 
 no .
28 : canada 
 most psychiatric care beds 
 no .
1 : japan 
 no .
25 : canada 
 most mris and ct units 
 no .
1 : japan 
 no .
18 : canada 
 we are also rated as second last in emergency room wait time .
expensive and low quality service , this is nothing to be proud of .
a massive overhaul ( eg .
starting with removal of most admin ) to reset everything is urgently needed , not a penny more of new funding .
i 'm a gay trucker who was gang raped .
you would never see this sign in an anglican , eastern orthodox church etc .
but you will find it at " friendship baptist church . "
how are baptist evangelicals renouncing , condemning , & excommunicating , etc .
christian nationalists in all baptist churches ?
url
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
# rt @skm6565 : my friend lesbian girl retweet follow and like url
triple h lolks like a fucking beast driving that . #
wrestlemania
like , that 's not even a clever joke ? ? ?
@footballears i 'm not sexist , all my favourite films have lesbians in .
there will always be excuses for bad behavior by law enforcement .
if there are more hired , they will just default to the " bad apple " defense .
ultimately , until policies are changed so these folks can be fired and never hired into a position of authority again , nothing will change .
thank you that what i think too we are white spanairds are white hence hispanics are actually white and asians are yellow and africans are black there only < number > races
how come there are n't many racist jokes against whites ?
because a white guy might get so upset that he 'll shoot up a school .
finally !
found my macbook power cable .
time to make slides .
i 'm one of the keynote speakers for # girldevweek at # developerweek .
< user > besudes guilt saviour complex among whites has reached such an alarming level that they want to save indian girls from being raped when the rate of sexual assault in their own countries is significantly higher
wants a gay male friend ... i miss having one , gay people are so much fun !
:d
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
obama imposed sanctions but looked the other way when china ignored the sanctions and continued to support north korea .
north korea is china 's client state and needs china 's economic support .
the   issue ca n't be solved peacefully without china .
trump is forcing china to get serious .
me , most of the year : " i do n't really care about my sexuality or whatever it does n't matter " me , june 1st 12:00am : url
whites wo n't exist in canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving canada to become a large ghetto
this is why rape is so fucking terrible
nigger males are faggots on the down low another reason why aids figures so prominently in their ethnic grouping only the least desirable of white women settle for muh dick these women have either low self esteem daddy issues and or low iq a deadly combination for white women < user >
@mattgaetz @mmehenriquez you 're a racist scumbag to your very core , you stupid bastard people have been killed because of racist comments like this and you 're still on that goddamn hateful sick shit .
i ca n't wait for karmic justice to hit your ass
clueless marxist indoctrinated pussy hat women have no clue as to the pain they may cause as they parrot cultural marxism study cultural marxism people read study hard know your enemy it moves silently and unseen by most
what do you call an elevator full of white people ?
a box of crackers
@ilhanmn we 're not racist , we do n't believe in incestuous marriage period .
all you play is a pigment card every 30 minutes .
our mission now is getting you home to somalia .
you lied & broke the law , after we opened our door to feed you , educate you , & care for your needs , nice thanks lady .
well , humility has never been my forte , no doubt about that !
you 'll get no argument from me about the importance of the speaker .
i 'm sure mr scheer discharged himself admirably , but , for the great majority of voters , that 's an irrelevance .
what gets votes is mr sunny 's fitness , and his smile , and his hundred - dollar haircut , and his somewhat dishonest staged photo - ops .
mr scheer , on the other hand , comes across something like a bewildered potato in a blue suit .
maybe it 's just me , but he always seems a bit awkward , like , well , like an insurance salesman , at a party where he ca n't grasp why nobody wants to talk with him .
i thought about the best modern comparison , and i think the best one might be mr stanfield .
he probably could have handled the job tolerably well , but he always just looked constipated and out of place .
i was there .
they remembered the rose in trudeau pere 's lapel , and they remembered mr stanfield 's fumbled football .
and so goes mr scheer .
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
a queer black person is < number > times more likely to experience police violence than a queer white person —
if russia hacked the u.s. , in this case they deserve the noble peace prize .
with the american press working as a team to destroy trump and cover for clinton , american 's had to turn to hackers to get the truth about clinton .
even the fbi and justice department turned a blind eye towards clinton .
trump did n't meet with putin but bill clinton met with the ag for half an hour on an airplane .
within days of that meeting no charges were brought and the ag still had a job .
where 's the outrage over that ?
that 's the kind of bitch i hate fucking with
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
why did the white guy join the film club at his college ?
he heard he could be part of a school shooting
" daisy just sent me a video of her in a tree that we used to climb at the park in elementary that says " " i love delilah " " carved into it wtf & # 128517;&#128579 ; "
you will hear cpc partisans continuing to propagate the lie that this $ 90k cheque was to " pay back the taxpayer " .
get one thing straight : wright paid duffy .
this story about " paying back the taxpayer " was a script to fool the gullible and an attempt to rehabilitate duffy 's image .
it failed , they got caught , and it had nothing to do with the public good .
to truly " repay " the taxpayer , wright should have issued a cheque directly from the cpc fund to the receiver general of canada and for hundreds of thousands ( which would still be less than the millions duffy raised for the cpc ) .
the cpc were corrupt to the core and the rot started at the top .
me and kylie are drinking white claws and sitting in her closet listening to love songs
cars are expensive .
anyone who has one , knows that .
but some things just are .
you either go without , or pay the price and enjoy .
and you do n't need a 40 - 50k car .
your choice .
or buy one or two years old .
save the new car depreciation costs .
@spilleroftea @telegraph @camillatominey what is it about the attractive duchess of sussex that ugly white female journalists with faces like a bulldog licking piss of a thistle find offensive ?
at the celebration of the birth of our great nation we should be humble and grateful .
the democratic process gave us our new president and we should all be respectful of that tradition .
sore losers and vengeful responses compromise that .
sounds like you need to mind your own business , brown , and fix yourself .
go away .
many many religious people are just following their programming , mixed in with a little personal interpretation and maybe a voice or two in their heads .
inbred honkey
so delta had a good price and thanks to boeing they probably wo nt get the planes .
will they sue boeing ?
it is very easy to criticize white activists if they are doing something stupid like fighting other white activists because they are from a different socialist gang
jews and arabs will destroy america
trump slammed iran for spreading “ destruction and chaos ” throughout the region , repeatedly castigating the nation — which had re - elected its moderate president the day before — as a breeding ground and financier for terror .
his comments were echoed by saudi king salman , who declared , “ the iranian regime has been the spearhead of global terrorism . ”
lol lol , that description fits saudi arabia like a glove . ...
source of 18 of the 911 terrorists , funding is and brain washing -anti- western terrorist madras ' .... 

 ..... saudi arabia can do anything they want and our political leaders will tell us black is white as long as this hateful dictatorship spews hundreds of billions of dollars their way ...... ya , iran is the problem .
saudi arabia our ally ..... war is peace .... the double speak spews forth from our leaders and the msm in gusher that would astound even orwell .
+ make racists afraid again you 're nothing but a fucking skinny little tweaker faggot cocksucker
if the guy said she was a faggot or a retard then i would kind of understand but he said it was kind of wack then she proceeds to make him seem worse even though she was the one who escalated it to such a ridiculous degree
wearing my new shoes around town who coming to clean them findomslave findom footfetish
girls are trash
help home girl get out of her home y' all .
she 's a black trans girl whose in a toxic environment where her family abuse her .
please retweet and if you can please donate !
url
you sound like dumbasses from foreign countries who do n't like freedom of speech !
maybe you 'd fit in better in another country 😜 ignorant fool 😂
he gave you a brillo pad that you all spend a fortune on to get rid of so you can look like white women
i m out of weed what do i do 
 alcohol might numb the pain that is life
hope this redneck fuck chokes on his brothers semen while at the kkk rally .
israelis are no better than nazis
there are many on this site who disagree with orthodox catholicism yet stay civil , the vast majority , however , are distinctly hostile as is the editorial position of the website .
they propose myriad versions of the ecclesiology , doctrine and practice which the church ought to embrace .
were they , god forbid , to gain the ascendency then all hell would break out just as it did after the 16th century reformation and the catholic church would disintegrate into another 40,000 + sects as protestantism did .
the situation today is reminiscent of the 16th century when christendom 's bishops were at loggerheads with each other over the same questions , ecclesiology , doctrine and practice .
thankfully , in those days the papacy fought against the reformers and eventually prevailed , the jesuits being in the forefront of the counter - reformation .
alas , today the papacy and the jesuits seem to have switched sides .
fr spadaro seemingly having assumed the rôle of ' eminence grise ' or perhaps ' noir ' .
ut is currently the top big 12 and texas school in the division i learfield directors ’ cup standings , per an ut release # hookem
did n't the maui hospital management blame the unions   and their requirements and highest costs for the demise of the hospital ?
interesting
bitches be like halsey and dating are officially jimin like move bitch that s my girl
white boys and ghetto white girls make me sick i can not stand you all
nobody actually cares about having a lot of something if it is not any good people only really care about quality people want the quality produced by white majority countries but it not magic it time and effort unfortunately they are also run by evil pathological megalomaniacs
white people stop giving your time and money to those that hate you .
please !
support my national country and retweet my ( and others people ) post !
polish citizens who belong to the lgbt+ community are not safe in their own country ! #
armyslovelgbt is n't hashtag with only bts 's fandom but with others too and i hope you join # endviolence # lovemyself url
@_shellenberger shut the fuck up you completely white privileged motherfuker with 9 followers who needs an ass beating
i ca n't pick a winner , i was 1 - 4 in the nfl too .
crazy white guy shooting a bunch of country music loving , mostly whites .
it 's a crazy world .
bitch i 'm poor and white living here in frisco fight me
why do white people own so many pets ?
because they ’re not allowed to own people anymore
i do n't think i 'll ever have to explain or understand sexuality because ill be fine with whatever you are !
especially to you bb @nananaiiifff
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that he more concerned with managing appearance than any actual substance all picaninny and no spaff very trumpesque
i was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country .
it would be much better if you raise the issue of yemen genocide with shaitaan bin salman .
tell him to stop bombing yemen , @imrankhanpti !
url
germany was invaded by niggers and arabs but you make a show to old boomers on river .
worst army in the world , cucks .
i snatched my friend 's inhaler as a joke it must 've been pretty funny to him since he 's breathless , rolling on the floor .
it 's a sad situation .
full disclosure , i used to work in film and tv production .
what i learned is that canadian broadcasters ( and film distributors ) could n't care less about domestic content - at least in english canada .
french canada is a different and   happier story .
canadian broadcasters have historically made their money by paying almost nothing for us shows and even substituting canadian commercials on us cable channels .
they never had to make anything that anyone really wanted to watch .
the cost of canadian content was just a cost of doing business .
it was nothing more than an annoying tax to them .
the internet has changed all that .
shame on them .
let them die .
we need a completely new industry .
let 's embrace the internet and let bell , corus and the rest of them stand at the sidelines and cry .
so ... do you reject the bible 's call and jesus ' example to welcome strangers ?
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
lolllll local news just used the phrase " cyber hackers " .
thank you for the clarification ; i assumed you meant lumberjacks .
and a rapist , racist loser .
aokigahara , fucking worthless cracker piece of shit .
@kayladenson1117 @schanette55 @oddstocktrader @sannh13 the san bernadino shooter was of pakistani descent   the va tech shooter was of korean descent the gilroy garlic festival shooting was iranian / italian   the fort hood shooter was of palestinian descent whites are 70 % of population , numbers dictate that more shooters be white .
headline says sex robots will replace men only for democrat women decent women still prefer their husbands can democrats get dumber is it possible
you 're brave , i lost pretty much all my friends when i came out as trans , including the ones who stayed after i came out as bi about a year earlier .
if you ever need someone to talk to , i 'm sure many people here , including myself , would extend the offer .
<3
go fuck yourself hillbilly cracker fuckshit .
you know what 's really fucked up ?
the fact that i am forcing myself to watch glee knowing cory monteith is no longer with us .
i swear i will never call you bitch again tupac 😊
@wodaeeex3 yeah right hoe
it been nearly three weeks since a man described as a somali immigrant attacked evenson while she was walking home from work in uptown minneapolis slashing and stabbing her relentlessly while trying to drag her off of a public street
do nt worry we will replace white people eventually , they are being killed in south africa and europe hopefully they will be killed here soon !
just pray guys
i fail to see any reason for great rejoicing that the number of babies aborted in one year is fractionally less than in another .
one unborn child aborted is one too many .
i ca nt stand that jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird he s with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone .
ur ex bird cheated
first pride month ever iding as a lesbian and using a lesbian twibbon after a life of struggling with comphet , i'm so happy ! ! ! ! ! !
url
in a country culture in which whites and whiteness are demonized as ours these kinds of ideas seem outdated we are being put in a cultural ghetto as a people donald trump is seriously considered a white supremacist donald trump why he a straight white male and not an sjw
what do you call a white girl who can run faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin .
or it could be that a gentleman who is , perhaps , legitimately concerned about an issue in his life goes to two businesses , armed , maybe appears agitated , and that makes the employees afraid .
none of them are equipped or trained to handle that , so they call for help .
it sounds like the officers treated him with respect .
for those who think this was inappropriate , what alternative do you suggest ?
it may also very well be that apd is familiar with the man and his mental health   issues , if any .
i think by now , we can safely assume the shooter was not white 

 if he were white , we 'd already know his name , address , family , where he works , who he voted for ( as long as it 's republican ) , and anything else he may or may not have done that would make him out to be a loony , right - wing , gun nut
< user > fucking assholes it ’ all about the illegal aliens
many many religious people are just following their programming , mixed in with a little personal interpretation and maybe a voice or two in their heads .
what do jessie j and christina grimmie have in common ?
bang bang .
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
til that of all the rape cases fully tried in delhi in 2013 , over 40 % dealt with consensual sex , usually involving the elopement of a young couple and the girl ’s parents subsequently charging the boy with rape and another 25 % dealt with “ breach of promise to marry ” • /r / todayilearned
it was used during beatings , rapes , and murders of black people
boy are you lost .
look who trump nominated for his cabinet .
lots of privileged old white guys with billions .
many from goldman sachs , a company he claims was corrupt and in bed with hillary .
he 's a con man robbing us all .
she got the maddow dyke neck
god gave us freewill .
we have to live with the consequences of our actions .
if we follow gods will our life goes pretty darn smoothly .
we should n't count on " public health education " to teach everyone , it does n't work .
i 'm sorry for everyone who caught hep c or hiv or whatever by accident .
i know someone who is sleeping around with single mothers at the moment and has hpv genital warts , is it his fault that he is spreading these warts ?
no , its all the women who jump into bed with this man on the first or second date .
do n't tell me that these folks injecting drugs into their veins do n't have a clue about the dangers .
or should we start clawing back the cost it takes to raise their children ?
out of the monthly $ $ the parents get or through payouts ?
or should we make sure the natives pay their own lawyers when they come up with the latest gimmick to get money .
i am pretty sure treaties signed did not say we are on the hook for lawyers fees .
i 'm sure that 's what the degenerates at r / selffuck would say if i showed them some of whatever foot fag shit you 're into
problem is white people do n't know what to think .
they vote for a two term black president - that 's pretty color blind and a good thing .
but then they see the footage of the milwaukee riots .
here 's a situation where a black cop kills a black man .
appears to be justified , not 100 % sure yet .
response from that community ?
burning , looting , torching vehicles including police cars .
young thugs by the dozens burning down their own community black businesses .
hard for whites to understand and even harder for blacks to defend .
i have nt watched all the eps of 13rw and i do nt wanna know any spoilers but i see / rt people who posted the scene .
who is the stupid ass rn ?
akadventure : i suspect you 're a well -to - do white guy , comfortable , following a happy normal childhood .
but for those whose entire culture was extinguished by the phrase and deed of " save the man - kill the indian " , your comfort is unavailable .
you apparently believe that assimilation is the greater good , but its not .
knock knock .. who 's there ?
interrupting country concert .
interrupting country con .. (gunshot noises )
like he did n't just do it for the sake of producing material , it 's something he really wanted , like an instinct you have
we examined it and we rejected it .
next .
i wish i would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass
so , given you seemingly agree that the two - party system has failed decency and betrayed our country 's foundation of an enlightenment progressive humanist political philosophy , what must we now do to secure the future for ourselves and posterity against this viral creeping evil ?
best medication to reduce obsession with wanting a girlfriend / intimacy ?
i was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country .
white men ca n't jump 9/11 victims proved it wrong
i 'm a gay trucker who was gang raped .
marxist bolshevik elements on the left have clearly indicated via various news reports that they will resort 2 any form of violence if necessary they really do not care how they r perceived by the general public < user > point all they want is 2 preserve their obamanation at all costs basedstickman
< user > i fucking hate you 😂 😂 😂
incels mostly do n't have good jobs therefore they can not run money game 
 this applies to me i have such a low paying office job so its pretty hard to make up for lack of social skills and being ugly
i sure am hungry for some scrambled eggs .
yup , this latest loss has to also be pks ' fault .
something about that guy that i do n't entirely trust .
ca n't quite put my finger on what it is .
right ... that was prior to 2009 , when a black guy became potus and lots of insecure white dudes lost their minds ...
it 's fucking happened .
beers on me # sufc # twitterblades
i do n't care if your a muslim , christian , or jew or what religion affiliation you might be if you love the united states of america let 's come together united and unleash the greatest awakening the world has ever seen # unleashthegreatawakening
black american stop complaining and kill every white police in nyork
but remember : only muslims can be " terrorists " .
white nationalists ?
um ... they 're just " maladjusted " .
church militant will turn and target its guns on mw !
cm has an appeal to elements of the religious populace just as white supremacy groups have an appeal .
" birds of a feather flock together . "
makes one wonder if life is worth living with the constant barrage of hating and vilifying one another continues without end .
life is never ending stress and then we die .
surprise surprise , john elway is a spineless coward who is terrified of calling out his white supremacist clown in the white house .
hopefully more broncos continue to kneel throughout the rest of the season while continuing to bring attention and light to the racial injustices in america .
if elway does n't like it , he can go run another football team .
okay , so instead of breaking down all the benefits of my company just hit at the main things that can be productive to their program ?
we have so many avenues that we can serve the customer and that is where i get bogged down .
man all these brown my parents will not accept my white partner stories are so wack like you know damn well it so much harder for the black partners of brown kids like i wanna watch a movie or story that deals with that i am tired of white ppl
what do you call an elevator full of white people ?
a box of crackers
i believe this is a presumptive sentence , thus no parole or probation .
we created a handy flowchart for anyone considering doing # brownface .
brownface is not a neutral form of entertainment .
it 's not just about painting your face darker or donning a costume .
and the intention behind the act does n't affect how people consume it .
url
things are n't looking so good for senator pete kelly and his legislative peers who are driving us toward the edge of the fiscal cliff ( and still accelerating ) .
all that stands between them and political extinction now is the cbr ( constitutional budget reserve ) ; therefore time for pete kelly and the others to call upon the second of the three f 's that sustain political careers in alaska : faith , firearms and fallopian tubes .
nrc should be applied in all states of india & all illegal immigrants should be thrown out .
they are a drain on our countries resources & led to crimes .
< user > i am done w jewish women saying white women like themselves should hate themselves for being white lena dunham sarah silverman amy schumer do not mention they are jewish women who want white women to hate themselves it so sickening
dying at all the hillbilly canton moms on social media like if you yell at my son i will kill you with these redneck bare hands chill out sabrina all you are gon na do is give me the stink eye at the drive through cig place and keep it moving lmao
they are basically males who have been rejected by women or they had a bad example of a mother and they think all women must be the same way they are low iq males if anything they are doing a favor to humanity for not breeding and spreading their inferior seed
i 've been bullying bottoms all day someone t*p me and shut me up
white people do n't go shooting each other on the streets like niggers do .
they do it in the school cause they have class !
do n't worry , john .
the left will find a way to tax the hell out of every employer for each robot they utilize .
the letter does renew the question as to why the courts , for example , require an actual personal evaluation by a credentialed professional based on specific standards before someone is allowed to be incarcerated for a mental disease of defect or even tried for a crime .
but armchair shrinks will continue to psychobabble .
what a great idea .
nice work !
@sweetdeesez i looked through her tweets and it 's just her shitting on white people saying we 're a problem and getting ratio'd .
i love how these people think they 're brave for shitting on white people 24/7 .
deport them all .
suck and fuck your pussy
fall in line or you got to go .
bye bye evans !
you white devil 's were raping and impregnating black women while running away from your kids .
i do nt want to argue but will you nordicists ever stop claiming that blondism in the rest europe only comes from your lands ?
an interesting study could be made of the difference between jews who are more or less professional leftists and whiteskin leftists particularly in their mentation over time my theory is whiteskins are less able to handle lying as permanent mo than jews
if this soy trend continues women are going to need ai penises capable of producing sperm with aryan dna as much as mgtow men are wishing for ai wombs
bitches and burritos my fav combo
< user > yet another muslims black people and white feminazi just keep making more and more fraudulent accusations that are ruining innocent people lives i can not think of a more sniveling thing to do using race gender and religion to accomplish agenda but white supremacy 🙄
why whenever in life you 're succeeding and your to the cusp of success there 's always someone trying very hard to hold you back ? #
jealousy
i believe we shuld have a national mudshark holiday too ain t rite niggers git a hole month in feb an nuttin for there mudsharks were da justice at
i wish i could be in that room as they take turns pumping her full of their superior seed .
and i could just see them laughing at me as i spill my pitiful cum to watching the future of my race .
its my fucking birthday bust out the vodka & amp ; chicken nuggets !
( continued from above) ... and had left the force after being pulled over and ' dog - piled ' by white fellow officers because he drove through a white neighborhood at the end of his shift .
when all was said and done he 'd seen to it that several of those cops had to turn in their badges when he turned in his .
once after a traffic - stop altercation i told him i 'd gotten mouthy with the cop ( i was 23 ) .
he told me i was an idiot and lucky to be alive .
that 's when i learned that if a cop wants to shoot you , he has prefabricated " evidence " to help him get away with it -- a ' throw - down . '
larry , ' racial profiling ' is still very much a factor .
my wife and i were stopped on our way to a restaurant by a cop who asked me " where 'd you pick her up at ? " .
if that 's not racial profiling , what would you call it ?
nothing in her bearing , behavior or apparel would suggest to an unbiased person she was a prostitute .
on what do you think that cop based his assumption ?
neither of us had criminal records .
if your church helps 3 rd world refugees but does not help white american opioid addicts your church is actually a suicidal leftist satanic cult
you do not think it the fact that you sound like a whiny wheezy nasally libtard right now calling you a kike faggot does not make someone a nazi kikefag that an insult to real nazis
actually i would be implying , you would be inferring . ; )
and you missed the " ... as opposed to ... " i was pointing out the only time you can , in fact -must- , use a lock for which only you have the key is when you have a checked firearm in your luggage .
which is why some folks checking expensive or irreplaceable items check a flare gun , it lets them use their own lock -rather than- a tsa lock for which keys are available to any yahoo .
uh .... no .
we pretty much know the facts behind how the dossier was paid for .
the only thing we do n't know yet ( and that information will be released on tuesday ) is who the republican candidate was who initially commissioned this report .
like i said above , the most likely culprit was jeb bush .
of all the republican candidates , he had the most money and the political knowhow to employ a firm to do opposition research on trump .
let 's not lose sight over the fact that almost all political candidates use data research firms to gather information about their political foes in order to run a targeted campaign .
trump certainly did , using cambridge analytica for their data research firm .
fusion gps has worked for several candidates of different parties often simultaneously .
it 's a business .
finally , just because the lawyer paid for the dem part of the investigation does n't mean that any of that information ever reached the campaign .
@ohwordlegitz sounds like you 're sympathetic to racists and indifferent to the violence their rhetoric inspire .
go ahead and slap the shit out of me , you degenerate neckbeard lowlife .
white people ca n't just be left alone , can they ?
sikhs r free in india .
do you mean those drunk liberal hippies who drink themselves to sleep every night or these poor villagers who hold on to their sikhi despite all the hardships they face .
this happened in punjab just imagine where we are majority what will happen when we r not majority ?
just imagine a non muslim doing soemthing like this in a muslim country you will get your answer this is exactly what happens when you raise a generation of apathetic degenerates who take the sacrifices of their ancestors for a joke .
ya know , if they can sell this stuff to white women , what can ' t they sell them ?
they could literally spread dog poop on a bun and charge $ 10 a sandwich ... i ca n't wait to see the commercials and watch some beauty like sandra bullock sink her teeth into it ! !
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
also not a great time to date or engage in new romantic relationships .
hold your itch for two more weeks and then you can go ham
wants a gay male friend ... i miss having one , gay people are so much fun !
:d
sallie , 
 in the end will be the men who will stop sexual assault , sexual abuse and sexual harassment because for 95 percent of the time they are the people who commit the crimes .
society needs to stop giving the rich and famous perps a pass .
that includes all the professional football players , movie stars , politicians and media moguls .
they seem to be given a free pass too many times .
they are treated like heros and are idolized by grown men and women .
what message does that send kids ?
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
the author nails down some fundamentals , like real income levels and housing costs , suggesting that the incomes crisis is real .
but overall the article reads as middle - class faux - poverty anecdotes and millennial envy .
as can be seen in the comments , readers can too easily suspect that discretionary items -- vacations , expensive cell phones , multiple vehicles , home ownership rather than renting , etc . --
have been silently included in actual essential costs of living .
more rigorous research / writing is needed to counter the blame - the - victim reflex in these empathy - challenged times .
these women are terrible people .
all of them
i fucking forgot my birthday is tomorrow so it probably wo n't be
do not you love when nazi wannabes complain about israel because hey like we do not want them here but we do not want them there either stupidity
dts message this a.m. was like watching a captured pow forced to make a fake confession , the body language said it all , the man is a white supremist , nazi .
grand wizard of the kkk and sex predator , fascist , and much disgusting more ! #
gameon # 45gopgottago
how dare you oakland mayor libby schaaf and governor jerry brown put our national security at risk think that illegal immigrants are more important than american citizens put american citizens and law enforcement officers lives in danger
jajajajajaja look the stupid fake faces of the 2 white snow flakes and 2 niggas on the back of the old pig oink oink ?
let me guess the shooter is white .. jajajajajaja .. if was muslin or mexican they will be protest and shit .. cause is white hi may have 2 weeks suspencion paid .. and fear for his life .. thats what pigs always say ...... my point is .as long the white racist die i dont care
aww how sad lol < number > your short comment is riddled with grammatical errors your misuse of commas alone is hysterically funny < number > i have never gotten any free anything from the government < number > as a white trash racist nazi i doubt you can say the same
a fucking squirrel got into our apartment a while ago .
i had no idea squirrel 's could growl until i had to chase it outta here with a broom .
the thing is ethnicity still exists .
i 'm not arguing rn that it 's important or that anyone ca n't be a jew , just that it exists and ca n't be ignored , as many people consider it part of their identity
in 15 - 20 years when i have kids i 'm gon na raise them gender neutral the best i can
why do white people own so many pets ?
because they 're not allowed to own people anymore .
not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .
lol white people who hate cops but do nt live in the ghetto amuse me so much every one of y all acab black flag niggas shi look like a bag of mayo with blue veins running thru it
what does spider - man and kevin spacey have in common ?
they deny who they really are yet always come out as the hero .
do it !
been voting by absentee ballot for years .
fortunately for the nra , their membership ca n't count .
quoting ignazio silone is not a personality
white woman , especially european woman , are so pretensions and corny , " i 'm from a different dimension ... " no you are n't you 're just a slut .
why did the white guy join the film club at his college ?
he heard he could be part of a school shooting
ugh i 'd have to do so much self - improvement to find love again and i just do n't know if i want it that much .
half white is still superior because how come every person i know who is half white is good at everything no matter about what other race is in um ..
just give the enablers the word , henry , and they 'll stop enabling you .
your kikenvermin brothers the bolsheviks killed that many easily and the dead were not arabs there a reason why all school kids are taught about the holohoax but never hear a word about the holodomor
if you 're going to show the assailants as black , then you owe it to readers to show the victim as white .
i m bi i ve dated both over the years but this relationship is different we do nt argue or fight its really nice .
its a sociology class what did you expect they are the laughing stock of every liberal arts department because their subject is retarded marxist ideology factory and they know it
ban/ get rid of the chadbot just get rid of it , no one likes it
still can not figure out how the green car in our parking lot is always parked fucked up ? !
like what are you doing ? !
hm ... so ... this police officer is pit in jail for defending himself and the white bitch cop who went into a black mans home to murder him still has nt been sentenced and most likely wo n't ?
bruh ... i ca nt wait until ww3 starts .
i hope all black people turn against this country .
these whites has had their boots on our backs for 400 + years .
allowed to rape and murder blacks and have no justice go to them .
niggas be lying i be believing em 🥺
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
wrong again john .
as usual .
https://www.google.com/amp/www.msnbc.com/politicsnation/nugent-kind-apologizes/amp 

 https://www.google.com/amp/www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/18/ted-nugent-once-said-obama-should-suck-on-my-machine-gun-but-now-he-wants-to-tone-down-the-hateful-rhetoric/amp/ 

 by the way - trying to use someone else 's reprehensible behavior to excuse someone else is childish and wrong .
i 'm sure your mom taught you that .
here goes this fat bitch with her stupid ass memes that will never !
be relevant get a life and go find a baby daddy bitch 😂
# yourodds brentford v leeds , leeds to win , over 2.5 goals over 9 corners and over 2 cards in the match @williamhill
racial injustice ? ?
hahahahahaha ! ! !
what a rube .
blacks are the # 1 killers of people ( black and white ) , in the usa , also # 1 in crimes committed in general , all while being 3rd in population behind whites & hispanics .
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_states 

 https://infogram.com/us-crime-in-black-and-white-1gzxop49q0okmwy 

 these ignorant nfl pansies make millions , & are treated like rock stars , but never can pass up a chance to get more publicity .
if that 's racial injustice , sign me up ! ! !
why did the chicken cross the road ?
cuz king kong was on the other side
yeah , all those white people that died in the civil war .
all those white people that died in wwii ... i see your point .... white people are evil .
though i do feel a small sense of sympathy towards these individuals , it is just that , small .
anyone buying a house should have forecast that rates would be a minimum 1.5 % higher in 5 years .
so even if they are only .75 % higher and you did not account for that the onus is really on you .
it astonishes me the number young adults ( 35 & under ) in 2500 sq ft houses and two suv 's in the driveway .
where d you learn that mark zuckerberg sjw community college russians have always been and will always be caucasians of the european continent classifying russians or indians as asians is the same as classifying brazilians as americans
@vulpixed @zoe_trashgoblin @traineryeliow i m a lesbian and i can be attracted to men sometimes .
demanding that we adhere to labels and their bounds rigidly is literally the opposite of queer liberation .
the labels serve our expression .
we do not conform our expression to the prescription of the labels
god loves y' all too forever tell everyone you know and do n't know .
jesus loves y' all too forever .
teach everyone how to see and enjoy their blessings too forever
girls like a mix of protective let me be a slut
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
@independent interesting the headline is about boys , when the article clearly states far more girls are married as children .
🤔 usual misogyny in the media
< user > the white delegation has waived that white devil woman
we have to build a team capable of winning a trophy , just like the germans did in 2014,with tanko and his new team , i trust @braclemet
how is the one on the right not fucking racist ?
are they that stupid ? ! ? ! ?
9 / n or people who were living without access to their benefits for months .
i ’m amazed with the level of understanding and patience .
kudos
i am extremely pleased to see that our local politicians are not climbing the body pile to get five minutes of free air time , like in some other states .
disgusting .
oddly , while i hear a lot of talk about gun restrictions , i am not hearing any interest in curtailing the propaganda this young man saw on youtube , which spurred him on to such violence .
what can an ugly guy do to get a girl 's attention ?
cringeanarchy users using alt accounts to become approved submitters here
i feel like the grand canyon april fooled tf out of us today and i am not amused . (
never go to the west rim you 'll hate it )
how triple talaq bill cleared the rajya sabha hurdle | india news - times of india url
let china take it over -they can print a few more billion yuan and run up more debt and cheat to win some more gold medals with 9   year old gymnasts .
what 's the only thing that can come between redneck brothers ?
their cousin .
and so he should re - issue the immigration edict .
president trump was elected with a mandate and anyone who has a problem with a " 90 day readjustment time " should grow up .
it 's fucking happened .
beers on me # sufc # twitterblades
< user > trump acts like a president obama acts like a nigger street punk from chicago the clintons act like white trash spoiled crybabies and sore losers
< user > you guys are so pathetic we get it ur sensitive but stop ruining all the good thjngs for us straight white christians go be happy ohh wait nothing is enough to make u happy
rookies ?
i 'd say that was plainly evident on jan. 20 , and the ensuing six months .
nice thought and i would agree , but it fails to go far enough as not only whites are bigots .
there are around 700 large buses operating in lahore .
this fleet is not only insufficient ltc plans to induct 2000 new buses coming months .
more white criminals are killed by police than blacks .
but do n't let facts disrupt your narrative ( or are you for white killing like some in the blm )
wow , all this white hatred .
the guy the article is featuring is white , you realize that , right ?
the raids began friday in many area .
it was way over due .
i.c.e should begin a city - by - city and state - by - state raid / sweep to find , arrest and deport all illegal aliens .
enough of the insanity .
the u.s does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches .
build the wall and deport them all .
problem solved .
do gay guys face a much discrimination 
 hello , i am a white gay male , do gay men face as much discrimination and sexism as straight men do ?
you mean they should n't be black and if they are , they should stay in their place , be humble and mumble , be servile and apologize for existing .
how about that black guy killed in his car at the gas station in front of his girl friend for doing nothing ?
what could he have done ?
maybe you think all blacks should wear white face and if they do n't , it is their fault if they get racially profiled for dwb or wearing a hoodie and killed .
is that it ?
< user > < user > ok how about we give mestizos no welfare in exchange for free land like white immigrants then huh
yes .
there are some events and parades that are focused on bringing people together .
some offer a good opportunity to just go out and enjoy the day with homosexual family and friends and colleagues .
i was watching different stokes and mrs garrett was wiggling her ears just right to instruct me how to make her pumpkin pie
nah those loser fucks needs to be bullied until they off themselves .
same ole shit , loser white dude who ca n't get a job or pussy
so @lindafairstein is still out here being celebrated , living her best life after destroying the lives of 5 innocent men and who knows how many others .
must be nice to be white . #
whentheyseeus url
really reaching for the clouds to re - post a supposed comment / opinion made by an unidentified and i would assume fellow pot - head .
as opposed an accredited university of psychiatry and clinical sciences by at least two accredited professors both of whom are credited with producing " an extensive analysis " .
close the us post office and shutoff the federal welfare checks , grants and funding - you 've got my vote ..
seriously ?
that area has been called lodo for at least 20 years .
i have nt watched all the eps of 13rw and i do nt wanna know any spoilers but i see / rt people who posted the scene .
who is the stupid ass rn ?
niggas beige and brown adjacent talkin about some brown skin girl challenge bitch sit
celebrities react to comedian don rickles ' death : celebrities and comedians react to the … https://t.co/ddc4lp0inc
you sit around watching biggernall while thousands of your women and children are being raped every day and your country is being burned to the ground what good are you ur a worthless pos
oh look a chapo fag is upset
those people are black .
so fuck you for being stupid as hell
one wonders whether blade actually wanted to go ..... he looks his age and more , and heaven knows his ministry is a poisoned chalice .... with , it seems , zuma not telling them what was actually in the fees report .
actually factually we have seen another attack a entire race - white that is .
refreshing our memory on how we got to today- 
 ------------------------ 
 2017 - hours before the murders of five police officers in dallas , texas , president obama was again spouting false claims about racism by the police .
2013 - there are very few african american men in this country who have n't had the experience of being followed when they were shopping ... 

 2009 -   there 's a long history in this country of african - americans and latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately .
--- 
 -then there is the obama 's wedding pastor & mentor - quite the guy , eh ?
" no , no , no , not god bless america .
god damn america — that 's in the bible — for killing innocent people .
god damn america , for treating our citizens as less than human .
god damn america , as long as she tries to act like she is god , and she is supreme .
the united states government has failed the vast majority of her citizens of african descent ... "
i 've heard that men with aids in africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
this is why rape is so fucking terrible
what do you call a white girl who can run faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin .
how you know niggas ain t never live like that but you help em try to give off the image as if but you hoes real tho
reminder : just because you think it is morally right or socially justifiable does not mean it is constitutional .
if you disregard the constitution , you disregard the very thing that allows people to govern others in this nation .
sure , white people are to blame for everything .
go pick up a history book .
< user > hot take incoming more racism and sexism from minorities than the white majority in this country
viola , auntie ... you ca n't call white trash women white trash like this during primetime ! #
htgawm
do gay guys face a much discrimination 
 hello , i am a white gay male , do gay men face as much discrimination and sexism as straight men do ?
i 've worked in the restaurant business and make fucking 4.75 an hour ! !
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
oh like standing up in front of jews and saying i do not need your money or they are rapists mexicans or retweeting white genocide memes and hillary memes with jewish stars do you know how many artlces were written about how anti semitic trump was google it thousands
this year , our ambassadors have spoken to 12,000 young people to talk about what it 's like to be # lgbt+ , and to prevent homophobic , biphobic and transphobic bullying .
they are amazing .
👏 if you 're 18 - 25 you can sign up to be in next year 's cohort : url url
escape from the ghetto of grievance culture and permanent victimhood take the green pill and croak your free speech on gab
thank you eliane for your comment 
 i called my male parent daddy ; i do not think that jesus was referring to your ‘ lawful ’ as in ‘ honor your father and your mother ’ ( natural ) father , before god , to think that he was would be preposterous as god ’s inviolate word ( will ) can not contradict itself .
yes the term father is a term of respect and affection ( love ) but in the fullest sense as in our creator it is due to him and him alone as we are all brothers and sisters in christ and he is the father of us all 
 i do n’t have any dissident priest pals i appear to be shunned by most conservatives and liberals a like , i wonder why .
you could attribute my beliefs as being over scrupulous if you so wish but they are sincere    
 i hope we can leave this discourse amicable or at least without any hostility 
 kevin your brother 
 in christ
well that 's kind of the point is n't it .
i think the majority of trans person are aware that they ca n't change their biological sex .
i do n't think that 's what matters to them .
> change your lifestyle and not conform to social norms for the gender you 're assigned , more power to you .
why would n't that include hormone treatment and surgery ?
if they want to look a certain way , why should n't they ?
i 've never been one to tell people what they can and ca n't do with their bodies .
you want tattoos , great .
you want bigger tits , great .
you want a forked tongue , great .
you want different genitals , great .
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
why do people always run over a of piece string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner , then reach down , pick it up , examine it , then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance ?
when pres trump said " love it or leave it " it is a old saying that was used against the hippies when they were protesting the vietnam war .
now it is considered a racist comment ? ! !
what planet did these people warp speed from folks ?
@megan_palmiro hey white bitch why do n't you shut the fuck up , white people are the cancer of this world , all the people of this earth is gon na die because of people like you because they speak before they think .
we are the destruction of the human kind .
ducky bitch stop crying about white guilt .
go hang yourself like a slave then , show them your truly guilty , pussy liberal .
on one hand , he could get quoted more .
but some reporters will look pretty dumb if all their women in tech stories are 100 % about dudes .
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
here y' all niggers go tonight 😑 url
girl , fuck them kids !
fuck these kids !
fuck that kid !
fuck !
kids !
url
now that we have empowered every indian with free handouts for centuries this study will be quite interesting .
dare i say that entitlement will be the catch phrase in this study .
so do most real journalists like seymour hersch and robert parry .
unfortunately , journalism in 2016 is mostly just fake news .
real investigative journalists are confined to " alternative " media , which the mainstream media , primary sources of fake news , call " fake news . "
imagine that , a real investigative journalist like robert parry , who broke the iran - contra affair , branded by the washington post as " fake news . "
you ca n't make this stuff up lol !
they must be projecting .
what 's really happening is that mainstream publications are dying , being primarily staffed by fresh journalism graduates who do n't really know what they 're doing .
the real journalists are gravitating toward alternative media where they are still free to report the truth without corporate censorship .
the allure of political influence is too great for the fake journalists to resist , so they no longer care about reporting the truth .
that 's why they produce fake news , and accuse everyone else of doing the same .
do you know who brazy retarded ass is who jamel is who tf what his name clarence they slept in the fuckin trash yo really tf
99bandit 
 could fit a lot of cons .
you look like the kind of white bread ass bitch that had 2 abortions last year just so you could stay on the volleyball team url
nice try .
vlad was n't the one who called millions of americans deplorable .
that was all hillary .
a hundred years ago she in that baby would maybe in a covered wagon over heated
... bought my 1st gas chainsaw big tree limbs fractured off a couple of large sugar maples i have ... good times ;)
i love this @alexsamuelsx5 story in the @texastribune : " rupert put it bluntly : ' people of color do n't get an opportunity to fail up .
we do n't get to screw up a little bit and then still end up where we are . ' "
url
not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .
i would support taco gangs like ms-13 if they focus all their attention on sadistically slaughtering crackerkikes and their whole tribes like how they do cartel killings , skinning them and taking their cumskin faces off , and taking their joints apart .
crackerkikes deserve nothing less of a fate .
is there any way to get taco - monkies to do this shit to whiteboys and jews ?
once worked beside a car repair place that bought written off vehicles and a few days later a sparkling version would rolling off the lot .
also i never let any one but my long time repair shop or authorized auto dealer open the hood of my vehicle .
if my car broke down , would get it towed by my choice of towing company to a repair place i trust .
just keep in mind that no matter how much a " kick back " cop pressures you to use the " pop up " tow truck , you are within your rights to call your own .
rare for bad things to happen but when they do the sharks will strip you to the bone .
people like this are the worst type of ex - cons and have no sense of proportion .
the government and the legal system will also leave you hanging out on your own .
anti - racists say there is a race problem that can only be solved when the third world pours into every white country and " assimilates . "
what if i said there was a race problem that could only be solved if hundreds of millions of non - blacks were brought into every black country ?
how long before people realize i 'm not talking about a race problem , but the conclusion to the black problem ?
they say they are anti - racist .
what they are is anti - white .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white .
< user > what a retarded mong probably never stood in his life retard
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
that both groups might or might not have committed violent acts is beside the point , the point being that what the white supremacist group stands for is not acceptable to decent people .
are you saying that emphasizing that black lives matter is unacceptable ?
indeed you do , as you are a racist since way back .
on one hand , he could get quoted more .
but some reporters will look pretty dumb if all their women in tech stories are 100 % about dudes .
freedom of speech ,   joe , back off , quick history lesson , veterans were not always appreciated , servicemen and women were advised best to remove the uniform and not wear it in the states .
looking for a job , was even worse , great way to come home .
so let me burst your bubble , i served , not for you or anyone , i would not die for you , get wounded for you .
i really could care less what is being done today , the dog and pony show , the political correctness when it comes to vets .
do n't know if you served , but this is how i look at it , i served and earned my rights and freedoms , those that did not were given free of charge their rights and freedoms , and who understand and appreciate them more , sure in the hell is not those who were given them free of charge .
imagine having no so you could call me a stupid bitch
glad i spent all those years dancing and building strong legs so i could use those muscles to claim my space on public transport
fakenews is following hillary example blame everyone else for causing the violence even though they say kill and fight in their articles bye bye fake guys
no i m a trans girl who does n't want my shoulders to broaden so i cna pass easier
exactly but asians are so great is the narrative then why are htey leaving their countries the chinese are here as invaders you can believ that and every time you eat chinese food you help kill off ol whitey brought to you by mcmurphy chinese food
🤧   the limousine liberal jews and wasps who want to assuage their white guilt .. sjw maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me ; bullshit wack monotheist judeo - christianity values that 's i 'm suck when i leave chinatown
< user > god forbid black people tell white bitches about themselves 🤡 🤡 🤡 🤡
haha , yup !
puke on white power dick !
fucking worthleas whores !
what 's up with white rappers suddenly getting all this attention ?
just look at mac miller
imagine how superior the rest of the world 's athletes are to russian athletes - they keep beating them in spite of putin 's fix .
me : i like you crush : i like you too me : crush : happy april fools me : april : may : june : puta naunahan ako april fools pa hahahahahaha smh
are arab muslims white ?
sicilians ?
jews ?
there was a time when signs like nina ( no irish need apply ) stood in toronto business windows .
maybe you should stop talking altogether just in case .
wow .
if you study history , you find out that 1930s germany leaders were screaming about how the papers were against them and then it became the academia that was opposing them and that they were all horrible .
finally , they ended up trying to keep out jews , mentally ill ppl and then had their final solution for getting rid of the unwanted .
now , all you and your group has to do is go after groups of ppl that you claim are terrorizing america and bar them from immigrating here , as well as go after all illegals , esp the non - whites and then you are ready for the final solution .
oh wait .... you have already done all except the final solution .
hmmm .
well , trump is going to be technically correct since we learned some years ago that american intelligence agencies record some info on virtually every phone call made in the usa .
have people forgotten that ?
what is it with you lowiq idiots you can not speak the language so why do you even try to i do not even have the slightest clue what that ghetto language you wrote means in actual english please do not call yourself white it embarrassing
evwimena says < date > at < time > what thought process do you expect from a socialist snowflake dyke she has the support of the not sure if we are sitters or pointers restroom users when the o.b .
delivered this young person the doc told her mom she has a beautiful girl
not sure why anyone would want to invest in the canadian market ... poor diversification ,   poor canadian productivity & lack of investment , poor entrepreneurship .... not saying canada is a bad place to live ... just not a good place to invest .
that aids weigh a ton nigga url
just another example of someone trying to make us think white people are as bad as the islamist terrorists so we should stop criticizing islam / islamism and stop saying ' islamist terrorism ' .
pathetic .
lets shit post this subreddit to death until the shit mods resign .
some are not happy until all oil and gas activity is blocked in by the government , will alaska ever prosper again from oil and gas if the people do nothing as some government workers destroy the state 's economy !
i do nt see why u could nt go alone i mean its in a public place , unless he s picking you up or something ...... first post
change " eklutna " to " white america " and my opinion would not change this is not a race issue , you racist pig pos .
because it is n't about guns .. it 's about lunatic white supremacists and their racist bullshit ... without guns these freaks would just cook up bombs or mow people down in trucks and shit ... we need to legalize the hunting of nazis ..
the reproductive skew – the extent to which a single male versus many males sires offspring – is much higher among bonobos than it is in male dominated and more aggressive chimpanzees manly chimp gangs ration pussy bonobo wimps let it all go to the pop star cult leader ghetto drug dealer
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
hey you bigot trump supporter white supremacists did not you know that ireland was the original shithole country just look at the facts
why do white people own so many pets ?
because they are n't allowed to own people anymore
casey is the best person to make you feel better on a bad day like legit i feel like everyone needs a casey in their life&#128557;&#128514 ;
@liz_cheney as a jew i can comfortably say fuck you you worthless jew hating sociopath seriously you and your entire family are pure fucking evil i ca n't wait for you to disappear
i would be satisfied with some lemon scent !
this is the most inclusive group of lesbians i 've ever been in , period .
y'all are so accepting of your bi and trans sisters .
and we really appreciate it .
in this holiday season , i urge you , do n't drink and post .
ugh i 'd have to do so much self - improvement to find love again and i just do n't know if i want it that much .
roots ?
all of your family are stupid fat white redneck trash .
you sweaty fat neckbearded virgin cunt .
hopefully your family die in an accident , not you , just your family .
you fucking gimp lol
is the middle finger now the new nigger or negro word ?
so emotionally sensitive you low iq savage .
wish that i was there with index finger on trigger .
dealing with these types of " humans " day to day will turn us all into ruthless bloodthirsty savages .
for many reasons # antiwhite
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
< user > by that logic every time trump is called a neo nazi racist or white supremacist it an incitement of violence against the president
< user > progressives socialists democrats know their only way to stay in power is through illegal aliens americans know they do not care about us
< user > < user > ur fuckin retarded
the kike code is the death of white western civilization
i find it interesting that in the first vote , the people americans might identify as " most foreign " based on skin color were the ones voted as " not christian " .
coincidence ?
could it indicate a subconscious bias ( or maybe even a conscious one ) ?
why are people ( and especially , the press ) unable to see the obvious : trump is a white supremacist .
he is a racist .
this is not new .
this is not some theory .
his racism is one of the big attractions to his voters .
the polls show this , his history shows this , and his current behavior shows this .
it 's like " the emperor 's new clothes " !
no one wants to believe what is obvious !
i trust bill walker far more than i trust anyone in the legislature .
especially anyone on the legislative majority .
they spent 300 million on kabata so far with nothing to show , 200 million on the stupid susitna dam studies , then there 's the juneau road that only moves the ferry terminal down , does n't go anywhere , and they keep allocating money to study these boondoggles plus the gas pipline that will never pay for itself .
i 'm sure that 's a billion and they continue funding in this years budget .
so give up your dividend to find these .
d.d. , 

 i 've seen plenty of people take office with a long list of noble objectives that quickly collided with entrenched bureaucracy and political resistance to produce varying degrees of success ( or failure ) .
so we 'll just have to wait and see , wo n't we ?
i think the one difference carson brings to the job is real , firsthand experience and connection with the inner - city in contrast with political idealism that has often made things much worse .
did you ?
strange .
as for what pope francis knows or does n't know:- many things emerge from this recent interview with ' el pais ' .
i 'd say there 's plenty of interest in it - whether one agrees with francis or not ; and whether one is a good person or a bad person ( or somewhere in between ) .
happy reading .
god is fucking dead and every religious imbecile needs to figure that the fuck out already
why so racist ?
the non - whites depicted are un - priveleged and only do bad things because of their circumstance and the lack of opportunity .
we need to raise the minimum wage to $ 20 , open up more abortion clinics in inner cities and funnel more money into democratic strongholds . *
/s *
that s because i 've been banned from subreddits with hiveminds simply for disagreeing with them , they literally said " anyone in disagreement will be banned " .
i 've only ever been on 3 or 4 subreddits , i have no idea what the rules are here , what questions might be inappropriate . [ ... ]
and other people have pointed out that trans people have something different about their brains and that its not exactly an " illness " but could be considered as a disorder .
does anyone actually know for sure if the meninisttweet twitter account is an actual parody that is against men 's right ?
dems kill all white people reps disavow and kill all white people slower
" doctor " homosexual who sucks asian cocks and roided so hard his blood was borderline strawberry jelly
i hate u kick trump in the nuts haha white trash fake president
if you listened to every " it is time to lighten up " story you would be out of the stock market .
i am with rick s .
zzzzzzzzzzz
imagine having no so you could call me a stupid bitch
we 're called " white supremacists " because we do n't want to become hated minorities in our own countries 

 we 're called " white supremacists " because we do n't want our history and culture erased 

 it 's insanity
once emanuel was elected , a representative from the union was appointed to the mayoral transition team , and coli was named to the exclusive group of campaign donors and community leaders in charge of planning the mayor ’s first inaugural .
i heard they are " nigger go back to africa " racist in omaha
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
part 2 of the actual ballot measure .
increase access to conservation education : provide more space for summer camps , classes and hands - on learning for kids , adults , and families .
improve water quality : replace the zoo 's 1950 's sewer system , reducing pollution by separating sewage from storm water , harvesting runoff for reuse .
conserve , reuse water : install water recycling filtration systems ; replace leaking , worn - out plumbing , irrigation systems , saving 11,000,000 gallons of water annually .
improvements will meet sustainability standards .
explanatory statement 

 the oregon zoo is committed to the conservation of endangered species and their habitats – both locally and around the globe – while at the same time providing adults and children with one - of - a kind recreational experiences and hands - on - learning about wildlife and conservation .
male feminists white knights secretly think women are retarded so it makes sense to infantilize their choices
what 's the only thing that can come between redneck brothers ?
their cousin .
in other words this guy hates white people if he white himself then he a traitorous shabbos goy doing the bidding of his jewish masters fbi has always been an enforcer arm of the kikes jfk < user >
< user > why muslim refugees have to leave just because they are muslim if you are giving relaxation for hindu sikh buddh jain etc refugees why not muslim feels pity on the thinking and ideology of this govt ab to dharm jaat paat bhar nikal jao
slut with 4 eyes !
so much for all this equal opportunities bollocks i still have not seen a white guy working in an indian restaurant
trump ’s trust is a sham , he can withdraw money from it anytime without disclosure .
why we need to see his tax returns , esp .
2017 next year .
raymond tucker hit the nail on the head .
if your a conservative and you call someone a name , you are to be despised and fired from your job .
if your a liberal and call someone a name----the dirtier the better , your a hero using free speech .
in alaska name calling has had negitive results .
when liberals called don young and dan sullivan names , voters responded by electing them .
when gay supporters called those speaking out against a gay rights vote names , they lost the election .
the difference is liberals think it 's just fine to call people names , while most conservatives do n't .
even most conservatives said it was wrong of trump to call other candidates names , yet liberals thought it was great when when clinton called half of trump 's supporters names .
if one looks at it fairly , it 's clear to see that while liberals always call for tolerance , they have absolutely   none for anyone who dares to disagree with them on issues .
the white interns complained that they were feeling left out .
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
i read an article on facebook saying draya'a fiance ' got back with her because she lost her baby weight fast , & # 128514 ;
< user > lol fuck you too
given the refusal to answer questions and the continual churning of disinformation and flip flop answers the future is probably spelled p - e - n - c - e. while we are at it lets stop referring to the situation as " obstruction of justice " and call it what it is ... treason .
property taxes is going to create homeless people .
the current liberal governmen have mismanage the economy as well as the electrical power system in ontario hiking cost of electricity .
you have to wonder whether these people are all playing in the same golf courses cause it all seem the people are rear ended .
the federal government on top of it all is doing the same by over spending and creating more debt .... debt that going to fall down hilll to the home owners .
has anyone realised that any funds from upper level of the government are borrowned money and that    those funds that are allocated to lower level of governments provinces , cities ,   even schools eventually finds its way to pay for the debt accummulated by these lower institutions .
so borrowned money from upper level is being used to pay for debt on the lower level of governmerment and instituions .
that why services are lacking and people are suffering .
its only getting toget worse .
< user > < user > < user > a non functioning authoritarian government will not even work for the white conservatives most of them are white lower to middle class who are so terrified of becoming like the working poor they see every day a non efficient government will not help them there
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
five police officers in dallas were murdered by a ( black lies murder ) supporter so it is true they are a radical racist terrorist group .
in addition the soros sponsored antifai are just as disgusting as the white nationalist , kkk and neonazais 
 as for you statement regarding blm it was all started and based on the " hands up do n't shoot " lie that was promoted by the micheal brown shooting .
getting rid of the rich the businessmen and businesswomyn and whigger middle class would solve most of the problems once these inferiors can not lie steal and cheat most of their businesses will go under do not forget the jews lived in shitty smelly ghettos before being emancipated by satanic whiggers
" many young women ... nor to celebrate their innate wholeness as it reflects the divine image and likeness . "
i 've come to feel the primordial reality eroding the ' innate wholeness ' of all catholics is the doctrine of ' original sin ' - that even newborns must be ' saved ' . '
welcome , child of satan ' is hardly a reception to fill one with self - confidence , after all .
then , catholic women are forbidden - by overweening elderly males - to take effective means to use their power to give life responsibly ; they 're told they should of course plan their studies , work , holidays and all other aspects of a truly self - assured adult human life , but with the one major - gigantic - exception :   under pain of deathly sin , they may not use ' artificial ' means to plan their families .
we all share ms merten 's abhorrence of ' rape culture ' of course , but i fear her task is much more profoundly difficult even than it appears , given the internalized self - doubt that the male - dominated church sows in us from day 1 .
good for you for speaking up , and you were certainly not an embarrassment .
if blacks are present and willing to speak for themselves , good for them , and non - racist whites should back them up or even take the lead as needed .
if blacks are not present , non - racist whites should speak up on their behalf .
non - racist whites are not trying to take away black voices , but are trying to alter the thinking of racist or often just obtusely ignorant whites .
certain blacks who take offense at this ( and shame whites into repeating it ) probably have a racism or ignorance problem of their own .
we all have a stake in combating racism as we are all part of our society and responsible for its improvement .
racism at this stage is a problem rooted in individual behavior , not something to be applied as a blanket statement towards the entire white race because of things some white ancestors have done .
if we are to be held responsible for our ancestors ' actions , animosity between the races will never cease .
lower caste hindus ( obc & dalits ) were not allowed to enter guruvayur temple till independence .
on 2nd june 1947 , gandhiji and lower caste avarna hindus entered the guruvayur temple , ending proscription on the lower castes .
this happened 15 years after guruvayur satyagraha .
url
i feel like the grand canyon april fooled tf out of us today and i am not amused . (
never go to the west rim you 'll hate it )
these are the refugees that europe should be taking in
i fucking hate courtney & amp ; bryce from 13 reasons why like she is deadass trying to justify a rapist girl bye
nope , your analysis is entirely wrong .
trumpy will never win .
his toxic mouth will be his downfall .
in the debates hillary will make him look silly , which he already is .
only rednecks will vote for him .
he is playing the race card because he knows there are more white voters , but women and majority of minorities will support hillary and those educated whites who can see a trump presidency would be a total disaster for america .
white people were so poorly educated back then , they used to call black people " those dirty negroes " all the time .
as they got better education , they learned what pleonasm was .
some white ppl called me a stupid nigger last night
how is keeping schools open going to do ‘ more harm than good ’ this is a fucking pisstake
rt @obeyyreggie : stfu hoe rt & # 8220;@tedddydgaf : " i 'm proud to be african american " 
 - proud african american 

 " i 'm proud to be white " 
 - racist 
 & # 8230 ;
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
i fucking hate wokeoids bro legit subhuman degens
actually people should stop believing in all religions .
the man in the sky theory is a bunch of huey and it 's done much to create warfare and hate world wide for many many decades .
i have yet to see someone animate men the same way women get done any sudden movement and his massive dangle goes jingle jangle
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
as a white male and proud american , i salute omar for standing up against a racist , uneducated , and almost obese man with tiny hands .
ca n't wait to watch him take a fat l in 2020
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba
white people do n't shoot each other on the streets like black people do we shoot each other in schools because we have class
most of those job losses were inevitable , as south african farmers were forced to become more mechanised and efficient .
the problem was n't farmers becoming more efficient and shedding jobs , though .
the problem was that there were no jobs to absorb the unemployed farm labourers .
perhaps better mechanisms could have been put into place to reduce the job losses , but the fact is that sa agriculture in the 80s over - relied on cheap labour .
a farm with , say , 30 employees in south africa would have employed maybe four or five were it transported to an equivalent environment in australia or the us .
i saw that for myself in scotland , where a 4000 ha farm with five different income streams employed about 8 full - time people , including the farmer and his wife .
how is your girlfriend not like a hoover ?
a hoover sucks and swallows .
mysterious creatures i want to see : 1 .
extraterrestrials 2 .
yeti 3 .
that guy in the shoe store throwing shoe 's from the ceiling .
any adequate incels to cope this ldar friday in discord chat or elsewhere ?
i see seven over priced stocks just waiting for a price correction .
cheeky late # ff & # 128521 ; @fo_regentscanal @thebeeches2 @officiallada @infusionbars @ashbyfitness @crttimothy @mjordandriving @emmajpcakes
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
not shaming white male cowardice behavior is the major failure of modern western society white men stepping off sidewalks for niggers and worshipping them in their favorite sports ball entertainment has led to our women losing respect for us
i hate the assholes who do n't turn off there brights ... but then again i 'm the asshole
why do white people eat tofu ?
because its not black
< user > lets see you retweeted and called me a weirdo ur clearly talkin to me unless u was side tweetin me like a faggot which one is it
definitely did not get a chance to run revamped # crotasend this week .
also , looking pretty slim to do # vaultofglass next week . & #
128533 ;
a unique one of a kind idea that turned out to make a beautiful piece of art and fashion .
hats off to the artist who took the time and had the vision to carry this out .
' chickenskin ' indeed .
what the heck is going on with the fbi investigation into las vegas they must be trying to get the russians to write another dossier on how the guy was a neo nazi or something
oh yes there is something to see here , morgana .
alaska 's senate president is being flushed out and featured in the news because he 's openly fraternizing with the enemy that want to buy his votes .
bitches b a different type dumb ain t no way i am holding a nigga in jail down you all lives must be very boring
i really do not understand why white people can not say nigger i mean we invented it
follow < user > and get follow back shehnazians bhai ka old account suspend ho gya plz follow kro sare westandbyyousana
bitches tryna be down but i ai n't for that relationship life right now .
the ladies and the lesbians and the purple hairs have taken over !
run , trumptards , run !
run mgtows run !
they 're coming for you !
< user > not racist probably told him to shut up because he was losing brain cells listening to this fucking retard “ its < number > ”
i fucking forgot my birthday is tomorrow so it probably wo n't be
the retarded cowboy himself
" the senator should have been a leader and tried to use his skills as a politician to convince adapt that their concerns were valid and had been heard , but that now it was time to leave for health and safety reasons .
after that , police intervention could have been warranted . "
i agree 100 % percent .
these protesters are showing way more courage than gardner .
his whole hiding out , instead of manning up and having the courage to actually talk to people who are not fawning admirers , is getting way old after all these years .
civil disobedience means you have to risk getting arrested but this actually shows how weak a leader gardner really is .
his cowardice is finally getting exposed , like the man he is aligned with , trump .
good one , rosiembanks .
lol wow you are fucking retarded ese this online pillow fight is getting old though
otoh you might just be retarded and failing at trolling along with the rest of your life
🗣 🗣 🗣 friendly reminder : diversity and inclusion efforts should n't exist to support just white women .
china can go f itself
like actually wth is even wrong with these people
why would i watch your shitty vids when i can tell you are a retard with hero worship clouding your judgement nazi shit is always a fad it was fun to nazipost pre trump to spook normies but now it stale best of luck with your busted vids and aesthetic tho
talk to the hand ....
why do religious have different god but the same satan # freesoworenow   # revolutionnow   # freedadiyata
just purge them from your country .
ya know , if they can sell this stuff to white women , what can ' t they sell them ?
they could literally spread dog poop on a bun and charge $ 10 a sandwich ... i ca n't wait to see the commercials and watch some beauty like sandra bullock sink her teeth into it ! !
wow all them bitches light skin too 😭 😭
why no marwari or gujarati in list of freedom fighters in andaman cellular jail ?
what were they doing when bengalis fought for freedom ?
how come today these marwari & gujarati moneybags fund hindi racist gutkha goons who think they can give lectures abt patriotism to bengalis ?
url
better the russians than the chinese !
i heard this woman 's story several times already and the more she tells it , the more the information   comes out .
according to her , the dog broke his chain , she tried holding him back and he broke from her grasp and started running " to see if her boyfriend was alright " .
where was the security guard ?
well he happened to be right next to her boyfriend .
ca n't blame the guy for shooting .
while church " agonizes " over " lgbt " - or just pruriently preoccupied - the new epidemic of internet sex that has nothing to do with homosexuality grows and spreads .
while society is beginning to recognize that lgbt is not primarily about the old " bath houses " and " hook - ups " but rather person and relationships , our church persists in its " dirty thoughts " and justifying its emotional revulsion in exclusion .
meanwhile , some of our " heterosexual " sons , daughters and neighbors kids are immersed in or tolerating taking , stealing , sharing , gloating over , bargaining for , blackmailing for , engaging in a whole new dimension of sexual exploitation that is diametrically opposed to love , relationship , decency , health , let alone " catholic morals " .
this is in addition to the increase in " traditional " sexual introductions .
of course that 's " natural " , complementary ?
whether hetero or homosexual our " teaching authority " , " experts in humanity " seem , ironically , " impotent " .
" gay " is an easy target .
no comparisons to whom or what ?
trumps administration is " starting off worse " than george walker bush 's first term ; while there is nothing at all to compare to 
 obama 's first term ; where obama had to deal with an economic recession and 2 war 's operating simultaneously in the middle east , that was started by the bush adsmin !
so , yes there is no comparison ; astrump has it pretty easy and has a gop dominated congress , but still ca n't seem to get anything done .............. doh !
is there anybody left in their ghetto that disagrees with them
guess that makes your mom a lesbian then .
yeah , you 're exhibit a alright .
parroting the gop talking point of ( last ) week : never mind the president 's sympathy for the " fine people " marching with nazis and white supremacists .
look over there !
it 's black lives matter !
and how " horrible " they are to virtuous , non - racist , confederate - monument - opposing white guys like you !
it 's so unfair !
really , counselor ?
considering a majority of white voters ( and catholics ! ! )
opted for the racist trump , i rest my case .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > you are not making any sense and you do not have an actual point none of those people were potus none of them had a presidential cabinet employing white nationalists and nazis speak on the current administration and its racist ties or stfu
there are many , many browny jobs on the line ; if ( i 'm one of them ) do n't become president .
a slow boat back to their root 's .
clinton loves to surround herself with her bro 's and sisters , not that white trash .
and i seem to remember america intervening in elections abroad ?
the cia throwing money at the candidate that was pro - american ?
what is good of us , is not good for them ?
nothing more than a ploy by ( stay at home and bake cookies ) clinton , to discredit trump .
so now instead of having 2 hours of a 30 second commercials , there will be 2 hours of 6 second commercials during a football game ?
that will seem like an endless stream of commercials .
no thanks .
net flix here i come .
loved being human .
lol
it 's not a bad thing at all ; i know i 'll always be a female and i 'm fine with it .
i 've done a lot of research and have listened to ftms about their experiences and i think i have a pretty good idea of what transitioning will , wo n't , and might do for me .
but i definitely can say that i 've made peace with being fundamentally female .
if the ndp had any brains they would announce their rejection of wynne 's choice and promise to reverse it if elected .
if the greeners get their way , suburban housing will be taxed out of existence to meet agenda 21 & 2030 plans .
hmm .
arab , crazy white guy , black dude with a chip on his shoulder ?
tough call , but i 'm going with abdullah and allahu akbar .
i 've got $ 500 on it at -140 .
but to better my odds i 've got a whack black as a 2nd choice $ 300 at +105 .
the white guy odds are +375 but it was a country music festival so ... staying away .
no , they are not .
i 'm all about personal freedoms .... except when it encroaches on others ... like wafting disgusting , toxic cigarette smoke from others that i have to breathe in .
do it in your car or home and if you 're homeless your shelter .
f the evil british empire concentration camp in south africa europe should pay all refugees to leave for uk the future muslim wasteland
... so would your assessment of bad judgment extend to other beheading monsters like ... isis jihadist ... as just people with ... bad judgement ? ? ?
wow ... double wow ! ! ! !
when ldaring becomes normal u know u have fcked up
like he did n't just do it for the sake of producing material , it 's something he really wanted , like an instinct you have
what does dark humor and food have in common ?
not everyone gets it .
yup it 's just you and sara against the world .
i 'm sure you will prevail , though with your winning ways and your polite intelligent discourse .
* goes to olive garden * 
 * turns into a cracker * 
 " @giacier : * goes black friday shopping * 

 * turns into a nigger * "
as benjamin schwarz has pointed out in fact britain today receives more immigrants in a single year than it did in the entire period from < number > to < number >
the liberals mock conservatives as old   white men 

 i give you 

 stephane dion 
 john mccallum 

 hypocrisy and irony
* goes to olive garden * 
 * turns into a cracker * 
 " @giacier : * goes black friday shopping * 

 * turns into a nigger * "
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
donald trump junior looks like if white privilege fucked a klan hood
on average , a good thing .
about the mass emigration : sad , but unfortunately you could n't stop them .
the census will show the browning of america and the fact that democrats have to import voters to win elections there are not enough guilty whites or blacks for them
lock dis sicko rapist da fuck up .
fuckin pedophile dirty ass white saltin cracker
> " when you 're called a nazi , a bigot , a racist , a sexist , a transphobe , and a misogynist for absolutely no reason , and that kind of dehumanization occurs for literally years , needless to say it 's probably not the safest scene out there for me right now . "
hot heaping christ you got ta be some kind of brainwashed to legitimately believe there 's no reasonwhy anyone would call colin moriarty a bigot .
this is the closest we 'll get to normies admitting to being blackpilled .
< user > when i see or hear news about any country electing a moslem politician it like getting news of someone dying of a deadly disease then just waiting for their name to show on the obituaries in the coming days weeks or months
the government need a religious population so we are easily controlled , the uk is losing it 's christian identity to atheism so the government lose control over the population !
they import muslims and islam to replace the control mechanism they desperately require , islam is incompatible with other leftist agendas like lgbtq but a few tweaks here and there to islam and they again have the perfect control mechanism , we , as a christian nation dropped the ball big time !
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > yes because threatening a girl with rape is a serious crime sharing her info on social media encouraging others to rape her is a serious crime too
of course they say that .
they would be hunted if they said that men should get paid as much as women - so they just say they should get paid more
y all bitches wanna starting acting up when the ice nd shit hit the ground bitch catch me in my basement 😂
i 've changed my travel plans as well .
and i 'm not alone .
------------------------- 
 interest in travel to the us has “ fallen off a cliff ” since donald trump ’s election , according to travel companies who have reported a significant drop in flight searches and bookings since his inauguration and controversial travel ban .
------------------------- 
 https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2017/feb/28/us-tourism-experiences-a-trump-slump
oh they have choices .
come here legally and do it the right way , or stay your ass in your own country .
those are choices .
the system is n't broken at all .
a country without secure borders and laws , is n't a country at all .
the raids began friday in many area .
it was way over due .
i.c.e should begin a city - by - city and state - by - state raid / sweep to find , arrest and deport all illegal aliens .
enough of the insanity .
the u.s does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches .
build the wall and deport them all .
problem solved .
oh yeah had death threats fake bad reviews of my book my address posted two offers to come and sort me out and all sorts when it is not timid old women who they can intimidate we soon see what they are really made of lol
@leeb60016905 @lperrins when do you think it appropriate to inform children that same sex relationships exist ?
while hillary was responsible for that war , so were a whole lot of other people , not least of which was saddam hussein .
you are right that the fairy tale about being told a bunch of lies by the bush administration is just that , a fairy tale , she also knew about the situation from her husbands administration .
bill received many of the exact same intel briefings about bin laden and his wish to attack inside the u.s. and saddam hussein 's possession of wmd 's .
bill clinton made many speeches about saddam having weapons of mass destruction and made all kinds of saber rattling sounds about it .
there is no way you can convince me that hillary was completely clueless about the situation with iraq .
however , while i think that hillary has a lot to answer for , putting the entire responsibility for the iraq war on her shoulders is wrong .
wrong .
i 'm with you .
said a prayer for the driver and family .
very emotional scene .
i wanted to be a doctor that removed penises but i could not pull it off
indiana is better than il at fucking over women queer people
i 've heard that men with aids in africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
am i the only one who is n't obsessed with gfriend 's lightstick ?
if you drop that shit it 's game over , it 'll break like a damn snowglobe
bavlus , you are the perfect example of the subject of this thread , wrapped up in one body .
we have very similar economy / job reports from both canada and the u.s. this week .
your posts about the canada reports are ' trudeau bad , economy bad , fake news . '
however , your posts about the u.s. reports are ' trump great !
economy great !
jobs great ! '
thanks for providing the great example .
do you recall the incident where a young lady , a u.s. citizen by the way , was shot and killed in san francisco by an illegal immigrant ?
that illegal immigrant was about to be deported by federal   immigration officials for the 6th time but first gave him to san francisco because sf wanted him on a drug related warrant .
the federal officials requested an " immigration detainer " ( request to be notified before they release him ) .
san francisco officers   did not notify the feds because sf is a sanctuary city .
that man went free and later shot the woman while she was walking with her father .
here , the feds cooperated with the local sf authorities and the local authorities refused to honor their request .
that young lady could have been you .
still want " sanctuary cities " ?
what do you call a bad cracker ?
a school shooter
dab and break dance because it @mannyrsa # hiphopturnupmix .
@botn_za together with @djlesoulsa u resoul
@pgdelr1 @leslieh24367191 @mailonline it , certainly , is !
a horrible blob of a woman !
nancy pelosi speech at the aipac was bizarre on the other hand slavery is only appropriate for slaves when oppressed themselves the jews never gave in they never caved admirable truly a quality of born masters whites on the other hand only seem to thrive when on their knees
trump is the preferred candidate of white racists .
just ask david duke .
i 'm sure you are pleased motley .
" among everyone i interviewed – white , latino , and black – there was a fierce distrust and hatred of politicians , a suspicion that politicians and big business were basically working together to take away the american dream . "
url
i have no doubt that some stupid judge in hawaii or california will try to block presidenttrump reasonable request for more extreme vetting of immigrants from terrorist countries
fuck that game it gay and retarded
people carry on about eugenics and how these eugenicists threaten the global population with their menacing ideas so far though only < number > populations have had these mass scale eugenics programs rolled out on them neasians and us white people its not about the muds its about genociding the competition
you forgot the part where a faggot zero fucked some nignog from africa who had fucked some other nignog who fucked a monkey b then american women started fucking these faggots and then fucked normal men and smuggled the virus from fags and junkies to regular people
hillary to degenerate one dyke to another
ban/ get rid of the chadbot just get rid of it , no one likes it
< user > where is the diversity video full of white people trust me very painful for the minority very painful
trump is nt a leftist
does that mean food stamps wo nt help us ?
god i hope he does and is not being talked out of it by his poisonous advisers or his bitch daughter
eat my dick   i do n't have a dick
" daisy just sent me a video of her in a tree that we used to climb at the park in elementary that says " " i love delilah " " carved into it wtf & # 128517;&#128579 ; "
get over trump derangement syndrome .
broom hildary and bubba bill are never going to be president and a shadow president .
on january 20th , 2017 donald trump will be the 45th president of the united states .
but there is hope .
president obama is n't going away though .
he will resume his community organizing domestically as a race hustler to keep black people fearful , angry , resentful , and even hostile to white people in order to keep them on the democrat voting block as a dependency class .
and he will go on the speaking circuit internationally getting very rich badmouthing his own country and advocating one world government under the united nations in order to save the planet from glo - bull warming . "
the evil and damage that he has done will live long after him . "
and the confederation of gullible fools who wanted the cradle to grave nanny state will still adore him .
katy tur you did not have to tell us your head has nothing in it but gas we knew that .
with all that gas you must be a powerhouse .
casey is the best person to make you feel better on a bad day like legit i feel like everyone needs a casey in their life&#128557;&#128514 ;
i feel stuck between having no reason to talk about feeling genderless because i have benefited from being a cishet white man my whole life and wanting to talk to my friends about feeling genderless .
in an act of desperation , mcmaster has damaged his credibility by defending trump 's revealing of highly classified information to the russians .
mcmaster 's statement artfully denied allegations that were not made by the post and conspicuously did not refute many facts in the post 's reporting .
as josh marshall wrote , " the story is of sufficient gravity that [ mcmaster ] has felt the need to deceive the public , putting his own credibility on the line and destroying it in one moment . "
a nigga will hate you cause you moved on like bye bitch you ruined my life 😩 😩 😩 😂
i m jewish but this made me laufh
any other queer trans people concerned with your outer image and looking queer i try not to bc i know it a privilege to be able to present myself as non cishet but also i just want everyone to know i m a dyke
go suck that inbred white cock ya fucking faggot
his father and uncle came to the uk in the < number > i was sexually assaulted by < number > paki muslim men in the < number > just walking down the street their wives and young children walking with them was that your father and uncle sajid javid eh
i should perhaps have said " has risen far more slowly than the ipcc predicted " , to be fair .
however , the only thing that disturbed an otherwise flat warming trend between 1997 and 2017 is the el niño warming of 2015/2016 .
the uk met office estimates its contribution to be 0.2 ° c , which accounts for * all * the excess warming of 2015 and 2016 over 2014 .
even if 2015/2016 signals the end of the hiatus , the warming trend remains way below what climate models predicted .
the failure of climate models to predict warming over a 20 - year period should shake the confidence of anyone who claims the science is settled , or that the ipcc predictions will inevitably come true .
for historically oppressed and marginalized people , surviving , thriving , obtaining equal rights , and embracing an identity despite the cost are achievements worthy of pride .
this is the case for many people who do n't have that " childlike faith " , but on the contrary i have seen many many people convert to christianity or buddhism later in life because they feel like it will help them , they enjoy the fellowship , or simply because they 've had an encounter with god .
those two practices are common because they are easy to get involved with .
islam or hinduism or mormonism for example are much more difficult to just waltz into without being raised in a family that is part of that sect in the first place .
i know many many people who only converted as adults .
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
i do nt want to argue but will you nordicists ever stop claiming that blondism in the rest europe only comes from your lands ?
no one : nobody at all :   not a single soul white people : " oh you care about others ?
you 're a dumb retard nigger n u love fags u should kill itself n the jews deserved the holocaust .
that 's why blue lives matter "
white people do n’t shoot each other in the streets like black people do we do it in schools , because we have class
i read an article on facebook saying draya'a fiance ' got back with her because she lost her baby weight fast , & # 128514 ;
i wish i would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass
that s because i 've been banned from subreddits with hiveminds simply for disagreeing with them , they literally said " anyone in disagreement will be banned " .
i 've only ever been on 3 or 4 subreddits , i have no idea what the rules are here , what questions might be inappropriate . [ ... ]
and other people have pointed out that trans people have something different about their brains and that its not exactly an " illness " but could be considered as a disorder .
dab and break dance because it @mannyrsa # hiphopturnupmix .
@botn_za together with @djlesoulsa u resoul
black male : fuck white people gay fr white male : shut up slave black male : wtf is ur problem ?
white male : i 'm sorry .
i should n't have responded so tasteless .
black male : my own ignorance is at fault as well .
k pop stan : jungkook kung pow 's fucking smile kajkskskdkdjskskajkaj
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
i 'm naturally bowlegged .. i be trying to stand normal .
i think i look deformed while hoes thinking that shit is cute .
how come there are n't many racist jokes against whites ?
because a white guy might get so upset that he 'll shoot up a school .
1- pipelines take forever to build .
2- canada needs to build refining capacity .
3 - nobody knows where the price of oil will go right now .
4 - you build it and they will come .
our rediculous " rip it and ship it " policy for bitumen means , that if exported as raw bitumen , miners can rip that bitumen out of the ground and ship it as fast as possible , even if it ends up getting exported overseas raw for refinement elsewhere .
an extra 2 mbpd is a drop in the bucket .
pipeline capacity is nt something that is built on a " just in time " basis .
i think the pipeline companies are more than happy to have slack capacity , rather than enduring another 10 years of the approval process plus 5 + years to build should capacity fall short .
trump 's opposition to hatred and racism has been tepid .
the majority expects him to denounce hatred and racism , but the kkk , white supremacists , skinheads ,   and other hate groups are part of his remaining core supporters , so he has decided to issue weak statements .
for those of you who are students , how has your university experience been like so far ?
here we go again another worthless comment from the clueless non - local racist who thinks the word " keiki " means " an asexually produced plant . "
get off cb and slither your way back to your alt - right 8chan message boards " richard johnson esq " you white supremacist troll .
no , but i looked it up .
see , with catholicism much is both / and ,   not either /or .
christ is fully human and fully divine .
he is fully present , really present in the eucharist whether in a monstrance , tabernacle or in our stomach .
the latter of course gets digested and the real presence does not last , whereas consecrated but unconsumed , it remains christ .
because you 're an incel nazi , fuck you .
sounds like a great way to get murdered by some self loathing homophobes .
i just want to state as a man i do think of a perfect body because all bodies are beautiful
it 's been an honor obama ( female )
for the spice rainbow wendigo grind blue berries lightning nuts liverwarts nuts copper roots white seeds
sarin attack on children in syria .
how come the canadians and trudeau do n't send in their peacekeepers to enforce a peace ?
come on canada , instead of all your hyperbole , stand up and do something !
trudeau is currently at a ny press conference just repeating his vague platitudes .
come on trudeau do something , we know you can ! !
instead of sanctimonious and condescending attacks on trump , do something canada !
we do n't need your empty vague platitudes trudeau .
we will deport you all and arrest the rest there is no escape ....... this is americas purge !
1 .
how we understand , share and teach our faith has to be radically redefined .
too much of human responsibility , accountability , and nobility has been shrouded , ostensibly , in jesus , but in reality to institution .
human dignity , ethics , compassion along with morals have been " uploaded " as if they are products of church and its magisterium .
this diminishes human ( in the image and likeness of god ) nobility , responsibility and accountability .
it contributes to guilt , rather than personal maturity ; to divisiveness because civility is appropriated to sectarian prerogative ; to institutional subservience / dominion which is increasingly held in disdain .
compounding the damage , catholicism in the history of civilization is also being lost because of association with scandal and mysogyny .
the message is lost along with the medium because they are so linked .
church needs to affirm its intrinsic continuity in and with creation , civilization ,   evolution , reason , rather than being " at war " with it .
you 're anti - white , anti - american leftist garbage and people like you should be locked up !
dear mr. president , 

 you are not above the law .
sincerely , 
 the founding fathers .
exactly .
republicans are so good at diversion and distraction .
not as ignorant as someone who writes too as " to " , you 're as " your " , refers to others by color without even including the descriptor " people " and believes that people can act " black " or " white " .
sorry sonny , we 're not on the same side , and your delusion of my supposed " ignorance " works in my favor , not yours .
if for no other reason than that in your case ignorance is not a delusion , but unfortunate reality .
black people shoot up heroin white people shoot up schools .
but do you collect it urine in a can and drink it ?
< user > and democrats will never ever again call you racist sexist nazis no sir never
sorry silly week , you 're * still * not invited to rennfayre .
from < date > to < date > the office of refugee resettlement received a total of < number > allegations of sexual abuse or sexual harassment from the government funded detention facilities and only < number > were referred to the justice dept
another white trailer park cum dumpster who ca n't take a dick down her trash throat ...... sorry ur life sucks ?
do n't care .
learn how to suck a dick you dumb wanna be megan fox dumb cunt whore leader
eat an ass you sensitive fat white bitch .
that 's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major american city is now predominantly non - white .
you are talking about low iq mentally retarded negros and whites that have quality arms and can shoot at range my money is on them prepare or perish
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
you look like a freak with your albino face , dark hair and light beard .
probably got rainbow pubes huh ?
what color is your dick ?
so ugly .
the washington compost , leading the charge for all anti americans everywhere .
" meanwhile , the prefect of the vatican 's congregation for the doctrine of the faith , cardinal gerhard müller , reiterated that there are no exceptions to the indissolubility of sacramental marriage as taught by the church . "
on first reading , i read the word as regurgitated and thought christmas had come early .
or perhaps you are .
like the last discussion on this subject .
that guy in the photo looked like he was given a one - way ticket to hawaii from the mainland .
being hit by 9 pellets of 00 buckshot is like being hit by :
and that 's why you should always wear your garmies .
js was n't protected and got shot because he did n't have his holy bulletproof ~~kevlar~~ temple jocks on .
absolutely trashy piece of shit racist bastard !
why has this useless flesh bag not kicked over and fucking dropped dead ?
worthless hateful prick !
and mike pence spreads this lie : " this latest attack shows us again that radical islamic terrorism is one of the greatest threats we face . "
in fact , the fbi and dhs told him and the president the greatest domestic terrorist threat we face is from white supremacist / fascist groups who are responsible for three quarters of terrorism deaths in the u.s. by the way , they did nothing in response to that warning .
lmao i bet he wo n't go stand on the block and say fuck kodak black or go outside and say them niggas pussy
and to think flynn was leading the lock her up chants at the republican convention ... https://t.co/uq5obvzfcl
generally speaking greater supply means lower demand means lower wages whatnot also generally speaking people saying everyone can code are faggots reciting an inane platitude and acting in complete disregard of actual future labor market conditions typically to the detriment of white people
were you in french immersion class before ?
here 's a first one to learn= 
 alouette , gentille alouette- alain le lait ( w/ engl .
subt . )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_hfw_cwg9u 
 ( copy & paste in the web address ) 
 and a second one = for french immersion boys class ( 10 - 15 & + ) 
 ( onyoutube)= sting la belle dame sans regret ( w/ french lyrics ) 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qkuyvemudc 
 here 's another good one that you nerver heard of ... about festival ( like in montréal osheaga , oui ? )
super star french band “ matmatah ” from bretagne at the venue “ festival des vieilles charrues ” in 2001/ in the city of carhaix located in the west of brittany , france/ this festival is the largest music festival in france , attracting 
 more than 200,000 festival - goers every year ( 270,000 in 2011)/ 
 w/ nationalist brittany flags all over the place ) 
 ( also)= vieilles charrues 2016 ; le zap ( jour/ day 1 ) ) 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_4tjab1kpe 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyyc7hc1p6c 
 ( copy - paste in wb address )
jews do run the show and they 're importing brown hordes .
the goal is white genocide .
jews have their ethnostate israel and they 're working on mixing the entire planet to shit
how should i even classify this ?
wielding a mob ?
indirect bullying ?
i 'm not sure .
what do you call a < number > year old white girl who 's a virgin ?
an only child .
my daughter is ftm and i 'm in a support group for parents .
all the trans kids have been diagnosed with something .
most common is bipolar and bpd .
< user > < user > cunt ended up helping the nazis wanker
these retards need adult supervision and psychiatric treatment see what happens when you pay the mentally retarded to form mobs but fear not cnn to the rescue they posted a detailed map showing where all the confederate monuments are located and you said they did not care they are evil doers
" this is for rachel you big fat white nasty smellin fat bitch why you took me off the schedule with your triffling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch "
@jundishes or a southern bitch like me who will blow a persons heart out of their back w / one shot ! ! ! !
fellas would you fuck a bitch with no arms
the shooter is a white male who hates minorities ?
next you 're going to tell me he has a history of violence against women !
you evil land invading paleface savages go back home to your caves in europe bcuz your child molesting land stealing murderous ancestors came here unwanted
because of society told us years ago that smoking cigarettes increased brain function and was marketed toward everyone especially housewives , whereas weed was illegalised so america could incriminate mexicans for bringing cannabis into the states and the rest of the world followed suit because " big bad latinos with dime bags " are scarey , fucking racist cunts fucking retarded world
i 'm looking for a hot guy to trade some nudes .
my kik : dirtybabe4 # kiknudes # fuckme # asshole # cumwhore # masturbate # wank # hookup # camshow # babe # lingerie # cuckold # domme # girls # underwear # amateur # porn
.@utdforcharity game on sunday with these chaps @dannywisk @jhill_official @ab_bowen07 @chechesterman @jamiereed _ @bertiebrayley ⚽ ️
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
we allow legitimate refugees and ones that do not increase our chances of being victims of terrorist attacks .
your argument is equal parts factually inaccurate and reliant on soppy emotionalism .
it should have struck you as odd when the isis invasion of iraq created hundreds of thousands of christian refugees nearly zero who were taken in by the obama administration in favor of these " syrians . "
yep and that mudshark is gon na be punished for race mixing none of their prayers will stop that god hates race mixers and that devil spawn niglet is toast prayers for that animal are not answered nor even heard stupid church cucks
what they taught us , man them bad bitches only want the ballers , the starters .. we hoopin now the hoes wanna guard us ..
they fought the germans so that one day third world immigrants could overrun their homeland and tell them that they are evil and deserve to die .
url
yeah they 're also responsibe for the white genocide^tm , priests raping children , muslim immigrants and when the milk in your fridge goes sour .
oh , and they 'd be responsible for global warming too , if it were real . (
big fucking /s here , folks . )
white woman , especially european woman , are so pretensions and corny , " i 'm from a different dimension ... " no you are n't you 're just a slut .
@perk17213 but people only care about gun violence when it was a white male that was pulling the trigger .
calling someone a snowflake for standing up against white nationalism , alt right , neo nazis , inbred ignorant redneck pinhead moron jeff sessions wannabes is ahhhhh , a bit naïve
what does dark humor and food have in common ?
not everyone gets it .
when people see a white man then it is not considered profiling looking for a white man .
it would be considered stupid not to look for a white man ....
not so sure it is in the past , one only needs to read marie collins letter to cardinal mueller ... 

 reports of sex orgies by clerics in italy as recently reported by ncr ... need i go on ?
and fuck the faggot usa any nation that prides itself on being the first white nation of immigrants and cucks itself to death by allowing itself to become the minority deserves to wiped out you deserve your death you can not treat collective suicide like this not great loss to humanity
i m out of weed what do i do 
 alcohol might numb the pain that is life
race does not play a role here , with your " white americans " post .
in fact , race does not play a role in regards to illegal aliens either , if that is what you meant by the word " illegal " -
if peaches was white y ’ all wouldn ’ t think she was funny and you would actually want her to get the help she needs
in my opinion there is a high degree of racism against donald trump .
and who are these anti - trump racists like tubania ?
why , they ’re the deviants , the perverts , the intellectual haters of america , the losers who are jealous of anybody who has succeeded .
a tremendous degree of racism is being directed at donald trump and he is expressing certainly no racial issues , none whatsoever ; he is expressing nationalist issues , not racist issues .
but the perverted , deviant left is so twisted in their thinking that anyone who stands up for our borders & our culture is to these sickos a racist .
liberals hate trump more than murderers , rapists and isis terrorists because liberalism is a mental disorder .
hillary clinton is the race - hater .
she is winning votes with vile race games & she is steaming up non - white people against whites & blames white people for everything that ’s wrong with america .
anti - american liberals and 3rd world immigrants hate & fear a real man standing up for the america .
demi mawby is a mudshark unfortunately
wow , not only are you scared of " the blacks " you 're scared of the " injuns " too !
the whites would n't have even survived the americas if it were n't for the help of some tribes .
plus the central american tribes such as that aztec and mayans understood astrology and were way ahead of europe in science
soon mudsharks will start being afraid to walk the streets good we need more mudshark shaming and ass kicking
cheeky late # ff & # 128521 ; @fo_regentscanal @thebeeches2 @officiallada @infusionbars @ashbyfitness @crttimothy @mjordandriving @emmajpcakes
what do you call a bad cracker ?
a school shooter
jp says :   " trump is a product of many angry , mostly white americans " 

 racist stereotyping duly noted .
it 's irrelevant to the original post and to the subject of this article : tory leadership hopefuls giving interviews to a known white supremacist .
lmao faggot fell lmao fuck the white boys
also that he a faggot and serial mudshark
@triple6em96 @hunglikerobby _ @bbluedreamm i do n't look like white trash .
i 'm not pregnant and 17 gtfo .
i have hella gas so say something .
some girls really cause problems for themselves by just constantly running their mouth , just shut up 😴
i feel your pain , i 'm a trans little too only i 'm ftm and sub but it 's hard to find someone cool with the trans " issue " and ddlg
he deserved worse lucky for him he dropped and the other gentleman was there as well to help
i do nt see why u could nt go alone i mean its in a public place , unless he s picking you up or something ...... first post
just like a white boy would say boy u full of crap
i 'm glad he did n't lose track of the real history of this debacle .
people here seem to have short memories .
you are wrong .
hating white men ( and women ) is a sign of social justice .
please apologize for being a racist denying the right of the non - white to hate you
the way this report was written , you 'd think the mainstream media was in favor of trump , like being called " fake news " was a surprise to them .
the allegations of trump asking the russians for help started in november .
yet , here we are , 8 months later , still trying to conjure up the link .
heck , i 'm starting to think it 's fake news .
if there is not evidence , then it ca n't be true ... you know , kind of like big foot .
move on media people .
other tragedies are happening around the world .
@realdonaldtrump as long as they 're white , straight , christians , right ?
you racist , fascist , rapist , ignorant pig piece of shit .
canadians need to wake up and be alert .
bannon may be out of the white house , but the alt - right in canada is getting a free ride .
why does flanagan have a soap box at the globe ?
where is scheer on denouncing the rebel 's coverage of the events in charlottesville and distancing the cpc from the rebel ?
the americans are organizing and pushing back-- ceos are abandoning trump ; top charities are pulling out of mar - a - lago and letting trump know that his support of the alt - right , racists and white supremacists has gone too far .
canadians need to do the same .
i 'm naturally bowlegged .. i be trying to stand normal .
i think i look deformed while hoes thinking that shit is cute .
britain and usa are israel real enemies and the palestinians and other arabs are potential partners against american imperialism
lol you 're very insecure about your perceived manliness i think .
being a man has nothing to do with your struggles or successes .
it 's about having the strength to live how you want to live .
there are plenty of men who watch porn and are completely fine .
the muslim are joining sjw 's to hide behind their global agenda and racism and are really just racist fascist haters of infidels .
hating white people is n't racism its discrimination ... you ca n't be a white hater and racist .
wow 
 next she will culling christians ... 
 this is one very dangerous person
@t_ychii you said you sought diversity representation and i was letting you know that jc encompassed it solely !
let us explore the joys a moment when it matters i was receiving a shiny award for being a bright young thing standing together getting a group photo a stale white males awardee says we better not stand too close or else our wives may think we are homosexual
@naughtypairuk what 's even hotter is when she 's fucking your ass with her strapon and sucking you off too 🤤 😍
since it has already been established that as an aggregate blacks could integrate just fine in this country and still do in many parts of the country its clear the issue must lie with other factors specifically with post < number > urban black populations
a sheriff down south gets a report about a dead body .
< repeat > .
< repeat > e goes down to the river and sees a black guy floating in the water .
the crew pulls him to the shore and notices he 's bound with chains , has a slit throat , shot twice in the face and chest .
the sheriff takes a closer look and says to himself .
< repeat > " this is the worst case of suicide i have ever seen "
.@utdforcharity game on sunday with these chaps @dannywisk @jhill_official @ab_bowen07 @chechesterman @jamiereed _ @bertiebrayley ⚽ ️
gaters have started spamming @join_oapi instead of this account .
it 's cool , i 'm modifying ggautoblocker to use mute just for that acct .
^.^
says the ultimate white supremacist troll .
i sure am hungry for some scrambled eggs .
it 's funny when my family assumes that i can actually attract women 
 like when i 'm out with them and they tell me i should approach a girl or something 

 top kek
i have nothing against blacks asians hispanics mixed but if you include them in movies or video games it forced diversity 😡 😡 😡 😡
would you want your bus driver smoking pot ?
it 's just a question ?
ha ?
unemployment up
still can not figure out how the green car in our parking lot is always parked fucked up ? !
like what are you doing ? !
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
< user > < user > warren you look like a democratic cuck who worships women hoping to be one 😂 😂 😂
i realise that i am now probably a lone voice but when you say ..... "so there are still a lot of dissatisfied people across the political spectrum "   i believe that this severely understates the reality arising maimanes mismanagement and zilles climb down .
all those people who were dissatisfied before probably remain so and worse still they are largely irrelevant in the context of the core da .
despite what the da fedex will claim ( spin ) , these voters are / were never going to side with the da .
you can now add many of those people you refer to rather disparagingly as " liberal " whites to the quantum of the dissatisfied .
many of those liberal whites will want no part of a political party that allows itself to be so blatantly manipulated by the racially divisive anc / eff coalition of kindred spirits .
this entire debacle was an exercise to cement and further the political career of maimane and his claque of gauteng and kzn aligned fedex members
white people stop giving your time and money to those that hate you .
fucked a white bitch in the ass she shitted call it a mcflurry
⁠why do wh*te people like to play hockey ?
it ’s the only other way to beat something black up if they ’re not a cop .
i am : □ boy   □ girl □ nonbinary ■ dumb retarded fucking bitch
sir , the ends do not justify the means -- even when it comes to the preservation of human life .
a christian can never , ever compromise with evil in order to bring about a good .
death is preferable to sinning in order to bring about a good .
that is what " the ends to not justify the means " means .
it is no mere coincidence that the liberal party color is blue .
wtf are you talmin about , there s no poor whites in murica , all whites are privileged and deserve to die asap , they are in the way of our leftist utopia , maybe we will keep some white women for our brothas after the civil war is done
this is why i hate white people
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
but have n't women and colored actors acted in remakes which were originally made cult movies around white actors or men .
granted , a lot of them were horrific ( ghostbusters ) , but the point is that hollywood has done its fair share and i do n't think an actor should have to punished because of a sense of pseudo - moralizing disguised by moral outrage .
" impressed with westjet service on a recent trip to europe " ? ? ?
so you were impressed with the way you served your own sandwich to yourself ?
jesus better run from the gang stalker real man killing nazi americans
if my kid turns out to be gay and does n't come out like this i 'll be disappointed lol
if americans do n't vote this fool out of office then we deserve all of his racist crap !
average down , pussy !
white people do n't shoot each other on the streets like black people do we shoot each other in schools because we have class
us shale 's break even is somewhere south of 40 , depending on well and hydraulic fluids used .
watch rig counts rise big time as oil approaches $ 55 , they are going to be the biggest winners of this production cut .
i can not see it holding much past the start of the new year , as the temptation to cheat will be enormous !
not sure this really helps the tarsands much .
maybe some of the most efficient plays , ca n't see it leqding to a hiring or building / expansion boom in alberta just yet .
people talk about how hard it is to be black in america these days ... but what about being white ?
like fuck , we 're actually almost on a level playing field .
our grandparents had it easy as shit .
last night all the suckers we passed out to the wonderful little white children had a small banner attached to the stick saying ` ` white pride '' .
yeah let 's just get rid of them ! !
and when we do we will remove the largest portion of that super dangerous 13 % ! ! !
make america great again ! ! !
/s because this is reddit and filled with morons .
lots of science denier wing nuts here today who think that the wildfires have something to do with the oilsands .
do n't these science haters know that shutting down the oilsands tomorrow would have a negligible impact on global ghg emissions .
these eco - fascists spreading fake news and misinformation are now vandalizing and committing crimes against property to try and silence the truth .
do you have a brain if you 're old , white and irrelevant ?
these white racists are unqualified and were only hired because of affirmative action for whites , otherwise known as life .
nta " if the only thing you like about this country is the free healthcare and that they speak english , you should fuck off " ​ yes girl , defend the nhs
i think ncr tries , but manages largely to preach to a very small choir .
rationalthought ... you 're just being subjective though , you cite " the balance of evidence in support of atheism " but what evidence is that ?
does the fact that we 're pretty sure how the big bang worked preclude the existence of god ?
of course not .
does the fact that reasonable people agree on evolution mean god does not exist ?
nope .
so what " evidence " are you referring to ?
you state " the logical starting point is there is no god " but of course that 's simply your opinion- there 's nothing logical about it ( and please do n't cite occam 's razor ) .
and my position that atheists are required to cite evidence has nothing to do with any " starting point " it 's just a rule of logic .
and this is where atheism differs from agnosticism , if you 're saying you do n't know if god exists ( or do n't care ) , then fine , no evidence required , but if you 're going to positively state that he does n't then you need to provide evidence or recognize that you 're stating an opinion .
you realize the president 's exact quote was ; " would n’t you love to see one of these nfl owners , when somebody disrespects our flag , to say , ‘ get that son of a * * * * * off the field right now .
out .
he ’s fired .
he ’s fired ! "
he did not say that " all kneelers should fired " , " all kneelers are s.o.b 's " or shut down anyone 's " freedom of speech " .
he posed a hypothetical question to a group of people .
the twists and turns of trying to associate everything the man says as evil is just loony tunes !
english is a great language .
learn it , love it , live it !
also , grab some actual statistics on the discharge of weapons by police officers nationwide and actually see the idiocy of the premise that " white cops all love to shoot people of color " .
< user > oh i m fucken retarded 🤭
not much good has ever come from statements that bemoan the fate of " white people " in canada .
you sound like an intelligent person but how can you say that we need to remove race from our message when that is our message .
that 's the kind of bitch i hate fucking with
that 's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major american city is now predominantly non - white .
i am sick to my stomach to read the lies written in this story concerning the so called " white supremacy " causing the violence in sc .
white facists   did show up and were violent !
equally violent were the antifa .
the unite the right people applied for and received a permit to protest the removal of the monuments , most in this group did not come to be violent .
when the antifa showed up armed to the teeth looking for a fight , the police declared the entire event illegal .
police   circled the unite the right group on three sides ( other extremist groups were also arriving ) , police threatened unite the   right with arrest if they did not leave , forcing the group through the armed antifa .
that is when the violence began .
police   did nothing to prevent or intervene in the violence .
the violence at this event is horrifying , and just as horrifying are the outrageous lies this reporter " reports " as truth .
la times and buzzfeed were reference as sources , apparently fake news begets fake news
why did the chicken cross the road ?
cuz king kong was on the other side
what do you call a white girl who ’s faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin
why are aspirins white ?
because they work
" @iamkrause : no need to thank me , killing niggers is it 's own reward . "
dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
why should an ex - pat living outside of canada for more than five years and not paying any canadian taxes be allowed to vote and have all the same democratic power as a person actually living in the country ?
tf is this ghetto ass bullshit called life
grabe john mark saga ung gayon kang falsetto with matching runs the melismas very eargasmic 💖
palestinian killed by israeli army gunfire on gaza border   url
okay , so instead of breaking down all the benefits of my company just hit at the main things that can be productive to their program ?
we have so many avenues that we can serve the customer and that is where i get bogged down .
when america was formed it was because europe just sent all of its retards , alcoholics and criminals there
this article is in support of " pay equity " being applied to all sectors of the economy .
as many have noted , it is the type of job , some male dominated ( e.g. , miner ) and others female dominated ( e.g. , retails sales clerk ) , that accounts for a significant part of the wage difference .
when the public sector unions attacked this issue , they came up with something they called " pay equity " , which does not mean the same pay for a job , whether performed by a male or a female .
instead , pay equity involves bureaucrats and consultants scoring jobs on a point scale ( a completely arbitrary and unscientific process ) .
if they conclude , as they typically do , that the points for a female - dominated job are the same as the points they assign to a male - dominated job ,   then the pay is the same - a receptionist can be paid the same as an electrician in the public sector .
and salaries can only increase under pay equity - the salary of the receptionist is raised to that of the electrician .
the actresses who played josie packard and catherine martell were n't asked back for the revival , , , , , , , they did my girls so dirty
get fucking gortat off the fucking team ... god dammit
the actresses who played josie packard and catherine martell were n't asked back for the revival , , , , , , , they did my girls so dirty
seeing a lot of talk about gdc vs pax .
i felt safer at gdc post - gamergate than i did at pax pre - gamergate .
so , there 's that .
reyyan looking at the things tht miran brought to her 😍 😍 and amazed by how he knows the size of the shoes she wear 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 hercai
adam , 

 i understand what you are saying and can see how you can draw these conclusions .
there was also the vancouver stock exchange .
i am not sure that corruption is not endemic in most capitalistic societies .
the   constant chase for the filthy lucre .
ontario has more than its fair share as well .
let the crusades begin again !
hillary clinton did not lack moral compass .
but the right spent 10 years and $ 100 million to make people believe that .
trump jr and daddy trump and lisa boothe do lack any moral compass , though .
they have no grasp of right and wrong , and they demonstrate it every single day .
religion < number > down ay and in it place a blend of identitarianism and nationalism lets make it happen the jews though they have got communism and fuck white people upism
illegal immigrant humor
it appears that this is the way the democrats and responsible congressional members will be taking down the twitter inferno .
starting with flynn , sessions , and then go after mr. twit 's campaign managers that had not so secret meetings with putin 's lapdogs during the campaign season .
my crystal ball says that putin 's lapdogs were in contact with mr. twit via his campaign team so that putin could inform mr. twit how he was planning to destroy the dnc and hillary 's campaign .
the democrats better turn up the heat and quit this footsie tootsie with a drip , drip , drip threat about getting to the bottom of mr. twit 's fraud elect campaign .
for those of you who are students , how has your university experience been like so far ?
how should i even classify this ?
wielding a mob ?
indirect bullying ?
i 'm not sure .
does anyone actually know for sure if the meninisttweet twitter account is an actual parody that is against men 's right ?
which student in the universe has the most absents on record at sunday school ?
jesus christ , i do n't know him .
my mom does n't accept me being bi , we 're on decent terms but we just never talk about it
thank you .
i 'm proud to be a man , but that does n't make me oppressive .
i have an incredible relationship with a woman who is also proud of her femininity .
just be proud of who you are and live happily !
i ca nt stand that jamie all through this not 1 person has mentioned the bird he s with get ova it leave @dan_edgar1 alone .
ur ex bird cheated
if you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen .
a politician knows what he 's getting into .
apparently , this politician expects to be treated with kid gloves .
did you listen to the audio recording or read the accounts of eye witness ?
does n't seem like the reporter was being a jerker overly insistent .
but hey , go with your biased feelings instead of facts .
@dailycaller beto is a white dumbass
incel neckbeards who ca n't handle the idea of a woman profiting from her sexuality .
fuck those people who reported her .
do you think a new ethics commissioner will be appointed or is she pliable enough ?
there sure seems to be a lot of white folks that resent having to be polite and civil to black people .
i guess that is why so   many of them want to go back to the 1950 's .
no white person had to be polite to black people back then .
stop bleaching the red flags white
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > said the kneelers were sobs regardless of color were not there some white kneelers too omar district in minnesota majority muslim is the us number one district for isis recruits see where this is going called ms < number > animals not immigrants ms < number > who butcher people
hmmm , lessee here .
she 's entitled to get paid to write about her personal life , and just like they chanted in chicago in 1968 , the whole world is watching ( or at least can watch if they want to ) .
otoh , when it concerns discussion or scrutiny of same , she 's suddenly entitled to be a private person , it 's no longer a public matter and such discussion or scrutiny is off limits .
amazing how that works .
in the real world , they call that a " one - way street " , something which makes having a comment forum totally meaningless
but not enough to pay for further investment .
" zero - interest " loans and grants are still subsidizing building the generation sites , not return capital .
a lot of ppl complaining abt white ppl fetishizing asians but when are we gon na talk abt all these asian ppl who use their ethnicity to get clout
white babies never impress me don ’ t try it
that sounds epic ! ! !
almost all my friends at school know and i have nt flat out told my parents but they know i 'm not straight .
another one for the inbred jews
and to think flynn was leading the lock her up chants at the republican convention ... https://t.co/uq5obvzfcl
i hope she smacks you in the face you cunt
indeed .
i have seen the " yes but " xxxx " was n't true " socialism / communism " , this revolution ( and i believe they were referring to venezuela ) will be different posted on these boards in the last few weeks .. 

 does n't justify either , but true , i have never seen a justification for nazism , or italian style fascism , etc . ,
as being an inherently good or workable system that just has to be applied properly ... 

 found it : read the comments -there are only 26 or so - a frequent poster points out venezuela as not having gotten the formula quite right ... : 

 https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/we-have-a-duty-to-stop-venezuelas-nightmare/article35960229/comments/?ord=1
i could imagine this retard walks like this in real life
calling someone " white trash " is definitely racism thanks for playing .
canada refugee board abruptly changes its scheduling system amid surging backlog
islam makes everything clearer there is no ambiguity in the teaching of islam
a comprehensive list of things i enjoy 
 * porn 
 * self - harm
how do black people lose their virginity ?
a herd of zebras .
how do white people lose their virginity ?
first communion .

narcissistic personality disorder mother in law pronouning me on the phone to her own daughter .
it 's been 12 years .
what 's she up to ?
2019 could n't come any sooner .
i can imagine a krill harvest to feed billions would deplete the seas of whatever food there is left in them .
if they were n't thick redneck cunts they would n't want to be perceived as thick redneck cunts .
race is a good indicator of culture and beliefs .
it does n't mean you have to do anything , but it definitely creates statistically significant trends .
just the same way religion , education , and career does .
this was a total bullshit rule housing is segregated by income more than anything this rule would force wealthy neighborhoods to allow section < number > housing be built in high end communities under the guise of diversity and equality bringing the ghetto to you
man if y' all do n't shut y' all bitch asses up gotdamn url
photos from hamas kindergarten graduation hate and incitement against jews arabterror gabfam terror the first victims of palestinian violence are palestinian children
to my knowledge , the canadian constitution allows catholics in canada to run separate catholic schools in canada if catholics want to fund them but there is nothing in the constitution that says non catholics have to pay taxes to help pay to fund the catholic schools .
in ontario , however , catholics and non catholics pay taxes that are used to help fund the catholic schools .
i wonder if some people in ontario will use the decision in saskatchewan to challenge the system in ontario .
i wonder if the saskatchewan case will go to the supreme court of canada .
lol i did not want to run out of space but do not forget deplorable redneck bible clinging gun toting homo hating science deniers
based on the smell , residents in the area at first though they were being payed a visit by american celebrity lena dunham , who stated that she was going to move to canada because of donald trump 's election .
they were shocked to find that it ws a result of the thousands of rotting herring which had washed ashore .
wind 19,4 km / h nw .
barometer 1014,5 hpa , falling slowly .
temperature 15,5 ° c .
rain today 0,0 mm .
humidity 60 %
< user > by sexual assault you mean he raped his dog here in africa we just call it what it is these fancy words are meant to try and deodarize this uncouth basterds behaviour
definitely when they started promoting asian women and kike bitches over breeding white women i knew they were explicitly anti white faggots fuck them all
that s because trump voters actually have jobs and do nt have time to wave banners and chant .
these white people must be self aware they are emotionally and intellectually retarded it is so obvious
if i so happen to post a rap song it wo n't be from a mainstream rap artist just wanted to clear that up also
white people ca n't just be left alone , can they ?
to be perfectly honest , i saw a commercial on the tv and thought it might be better than shaving so much .
# wewantdhulipalla in cabinet .
for what the fucking reason you 're ignoring this guy @ncbn @naralokesh @jaitdp
@wodaeeex3 yeah right hoe
what kind of society do you want to live in ?
the kind where dumb people can voice their ignorant opinions - and then are promptly ignored or ridiculed , or the kind where vigilante mobs decide who can state an opinion and what that opinion must be - and you can lose your job just for looking like a guy the mob does n't like ?
as an average , law - abiding white male , every time these anarchists and communists try to start fights , or attempt to intimidate or disrupt peaceful gatherings of people who 's politics i do n't like , i find i am increasingly pushed towards that group .
antifa is pushing me away from them , and towards the nationalists .
i do n't want to sympathize with nazis , but , well , here we are ...
the dumbest folk on planet earth - white southeren rednecks ! !
hyenas are smarter than these morons ! !
once emanuel was elected , a representative from the union was appointed to the mayoral transition team , and coli was named to the exclusive group of campaign donors and community leaders in charge of planning the mayor ’s first inaugural .
me saying that i will partake in inktober is a fucking lie i do not have the time focus or energy sometimes so i will doodle some bullshit and maybe make them into full drawings
had though the hydro price fiasco , which will be exacerbated by the forthcoming carbon tax grab would be the end of the ontario liberals .
perhaps it will be those items plus their usual corruption that will be their death knell .
good riddance !
gay people should die
# wewantdhulipalla in cabinet .
for what the fucking reason you 're ignoring this guy @ncbn @naralokesh @jaitdp
it 's no the wrappers that should have people worried about their health .
it 's the stuff that they 're wrapped around .
whenever i 'm looking good , my egyptian friend : " oh shahrukh khan " url
@the g&m monitor= why “ censured ” ( again ) this comment ?
- 
  “ ... ( ) ... the problem was the inadequate approach to the islamic center , who wanted to have his cemetery without the consent of the population .
i assure you that the inhabitants of saint - apollinaire are not against a muslim cemetery , them .
they wanted to share the ground , because they also need this field ” 
 le devoir
i 'm sure murkowski is devasted to lose you .
yawn .
wow you sound sexist
why whenever in life you 're succeeding and your to the cusp of success there 's always someone trying very hard to hold you back ? #
jealousy
" i 'll make these dudes cut parts of their dicks off , but telling them to stop slavery would be unreasonable ! "
you can become rich without looks 
 become pro at a video game and stream ( qtpie ) 

 learn economics and start a business ( risky but you pretty much control chad and stacy ) .
ut is currently the top big 12 and texas school in the division i learfield directors ’ cup standings , per an ut release # hookem
fuck cultures .
fuck forcing this onto nonconsenting children .
so what if we wipe out cultures like this ?
anything is justified to these people .
i wanna spit - roast you with another girl wearing a strap - on .
i want to slide my cock straight down your throat .
then we switch places , i fuck your asshole , make the other girl lick after .
i got ta stop blaming myself for the shitty things that people do to me some people are just born and raised hot steaming piles of white trash
@fairy_gmother @nazshahbfd @ilhanmn @aoc @rashidatlaib @ayannapressley as an american i find her comments on the president hypocritical and vile .
you condemn trump by thanking this person telling telling rape victims of muslims to be quiet ?
i hope you have no children .
the number of cookies i 'll be making today is just slightly higher than the number of cookies i 'll be eating today .
or bernie .
i 'm just so glad that someone is finally giving straight white men a voice ! ! !
i 'm struggling to name a single person in power that talks about this .
no presidents , president 's administrations , senators , congressmen , ... we are truly under - represented 😠 ! !
a stack of harriets ?
a " t " note ?
a couple of " lady bills " ?
how about " twenties " ?
any adequate incels to cope this ldar friday in discord chat or elsewhere ?
i want to add a quote from professors knapp and berman of iser on the impact of the decision by the governor , this from their landmark study of policy alternatives-"the impact of the pfd cut falls almost exclusively on residents , and it is highly regressive , so it has the largest adverse impact on the economy per dollar of revenues raised " .
read it and weep .
< user > 💀 bitch like my tweet so i can compliment you
saying the n word if you ’ re white means you ’ re racist and saying the f word if you ’ re straight means you ’ re homophobic idc what u say
me : i like you crush : i like you too me : crush : happy april fools me : april : may : june : puta naunahan ako april fools pa hahahahahaha smh
imagine believing in white privilege as whites are ethnically cleansed in their own countries imagine not knowing why whites must learn to fly not be weighed down by the shitskin undertow by guilt by lies trust in your whiteness
to be perfectly honest , i saw a commercial on the tv and thought it might be better than shaving so much .
@plugstate this is for plug you big fat white nasty smelling fat bitch why you took me off the mfucking schedule wit yo triflin dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch i 'm comin up there and i m gon na beat the fuck out of you bitch and do n't even call the police
like , that 's not even a clever joke ? ? ?
@footballears i 'm not sexist , all my favourite films have lesbians in .
omg i 'm a gay woman too and i ca n't stop playing ! ! !
something about pretty anime boys is just nice
we are gon na continue to bullycide the fat stahlhelm and windmill of friendship waving faggots and losers out of this movement we are americans meaning we are white being pure natsoc by giving the jews what they want is stupid kikes have won that imagery battle we are doing something new
you sound like an intelligent person but how can you say that we need to remove race from our message when that is our message .
david is a dumb , ignorant , isolated redneck , he 's not a grand wizard in the kkk or a neo nazi crusader like richard spencer .
i hate david , but the only " racist " thing he 's done is constantly dress in confederate flag shit .
he does n't go out of his way to make sure he 's wearing secret symbols .
he 's very open about his love for the confederate flag so i think if he wanted to push a neo nazi agenda he would n't try to do it so subtlety .
why do white people own so many pets ?
because they are n't allowed to own people anymore
< user > this reminds me of this one pic from the 1 8 0 0 depicting a chronic masturbator as retarded lmao
what do call a bus full of a white kids ?
target practice
its my fucking birthday bust out the vodka & amp ; chicken nuggets !
need a sissy cum slut in my life
" @defencepk this is called " " child labour " " you idiots ! ! ! & #
128530 ; "
... more yuk , yuk , yuks .
my belly hurts .
bitches would go to war with they mama over a nigga , bitch you is stupid .
had the pleasure of meeting rev kelly 20 years ago and he is one impressive man .
i salute the tireless and endless work you do sir !
nice ... but why is adn obsessed with sex ?
triggered much ?
and assuming i am white lmfao exactly the reason that trump will win again in 2020 !
benji was the most basic white bitch but jorge changed him into a white bitch who can at least be creative with his insta pics thank you jorge
it sad when innocent whites die it not sad when subversive self hating whites die she was helping nonwhite moslem illegals stay in the country thereby acting against white interests she was killed by an illegal nonwhite moslem migrant it poetic
hence the " instead of " rather than " as well as '' .... 8d
there are around 700 large buses operating in lahore .
this fleet is not only insufficient ltc plans to induct 2000 new buses coming months .
why are aspirins white ?
because they work
@mrduncanjames wow what a beautiful pic , i 100 % support glbt 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 , gay people r the nicest people around xx
chick filet is homophobic
nowhere in the article does it refer to this as a per - capita increase in the number of opioid   prescriptions , so could the increasing number of prescriptions not be simply related to the rising population ?
i think by now , we can safely assume the shooter was not white 

 if he were white , we 'd already know his name , address , family , where he works , who he voted for ( as long as it 's republican ) , and anything else he may or may not have done that would make him out to be a loony , right - wing , gun nut
bitches just wear they bra and swear it their halloween costume saying i am a slutty schoolgirl no bitch you a victoria secret mannequin
i do not care about so called exceptional white people who are not racist at the end of the day white supremacy is a business
1488 ... hm that tells me what kind of person you are .
get fucked skinhead
but hillary 's emails !
even people who “ do n’t keep up with politics ” understand trump ’s crony zinke handing a three hundred million - dollar contract to the neighbor that gave his teenage kid a job last summer … 
 under the contract , whitefish is charging $ 330 an hour for a site supervisor and $ 227.88 an hour for a “ journeyman lineman . ”
the cost for subcontractors , which make up the bulk of whitefish ’s workforce , is $ 462 per hour for a supervisor and $ 319.04 for a lineman .
other states offered to do the work as a part of mutual aid agreements .
trumpism , … disaster grifting .
why do white people have such a pleasant scent ?
so blind people can distinguish them from animals too .
show class you stupid tornado bait trailer trash descendant of ghetto lice bait saved from his people crimes by said trailer trash
anybody that says " the govt killed nip " i automatically assume they are stupid its a nigga on tape doing it but mfs still wanna blame white people ? ?
why ai nt nobody holding the nigga on tape doing it fully accountable ? ?
white folks will always ask us to kill ourselves .... but if you willing to be shitty cuz and help the white folks kill black men for a fee or reduced time then i should murk you right now , am i right ? ?
" members of a road crew working at the scene pulled the driver out of the truck “ as his leg was engulfed in flame , the witness said . "
props to the road crew for being brave enough to get the driver out .
good on them !
and you wonder why kate troll got the boot from the city assembly .
changing the majority ... 
 too radical even for juneau .
may god bless fr .
tony flannery and keep him close for years to come .
congratulations from my wife and i our country needs more white women and white men like you and your husband and your children this is a white nation and it belongs to people likeyou and your family
just love republicans .
for 8 years they have complained about obama care but now that they have a chance to repeal it , they ca n't .
well republicans you should have followed my advice and came out in favor of medicare for all .
yes it is pinko commie but it would have fulfilled the donald 's statements on health care .
why anyone would have believed him is beyond me but they did .
republicans are you still enjoying your election victory ?
how about those town hall meetings ?
keep up the good work .
putin is pushing for you .
:-)
amen its not a lack of whiteness that the problem it anti whiteness that is the real issue i have plenty of non white allies and plenty of white enemies
you and your liberal fanatics with your thirst for power by importing new voters aka illegal migrants are hurting the workers of america by suppression of wages and what jobs do you think will be available for uneducated , unskilled illegals ?
i take this shit back , fuck dem crackas .
you get em girl .
fuck his little white ass .
this is what mohammad died for .
all white men are disgusting evil rapists who should be imprisoned and fed their own shit .
joy ann reid is a bloviating niggress brood sow who does not know what the fuck hacking is
< user > how come she was nationalist being a muslim nationalism is prohibited in islam na
< user > yup a lot of these black people are retarded trying to be like these white cave men
cool story bro tell me the one about the based nigger in a trump hat next
i don ’ t get females 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️ there ’ never pressure behind no nigga dumb dumb 😂 🤝
okay but realistically speaking i am way better at dealing with heat than the cold arabs be like
wow !
how you can say these s are not positive changes is extremely political .
i was bet 2 pygmy goats , there were n't 10 things that trump has done .
i was n't asked 10 things you agree with .
i came up with 60 .
further everything he has done , has been positive .
it ' s hilarious how hysterical the left wing - nut liberals are .
i hope white people are waking up and realizing black professional athletes do n't like you !
this one does n't deserve to be in our legislature .
too bad there 's continuity in goose - stepping politics still   going on .
thanks voters .
install writing app on phone connect tiny bluetooth keyboard type up shit on my phone while on my balcony using this ghetto set up good feeling gabwriters
girls like bad boys because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them girls like gay men because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them i am seeing a link here are not all bad boys just closet homosexuals
what do call a bus full of a white kids ?
target practice
who 's more likely to cause a school shooting , the black kid or the white kid ?
the white kid , because you 'll never find a black kid at a school .
no do nt kill yourself you are so spooky ahah
the solution to save the white race is clearly to vilify women and not have children after all who wants the burdens of marriage like our dumb ancestors they should have probably just chosen to stroke it out rather than continue on our race
forreal i 'm so bad at putting myself first sometimes like i want other people to be happy idc about my feelings lmfao
just saw a trans guy on fb panicking because an asshole poked holes into the condom .
between that and the story i heard last night about a trans guy being raped and drugged , it 's a vicious reminder that trans men are vulnerable , too .
i do n't want to be vulnerable .
unless you are white , male , and in the upper income bracket , you have lost , even though you do n't seem to know it yet .
and if you are in that group , shame on you for gloating .
< user > yo baby got that all white range she like a nigga
alright faggit fag
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for budapest , h for now ( 16h28m02s ut ): 06 ° 51'22.7 '' # libra ( ac ) / 08 ° 30'57.6 '' # cancer ( mc )
advance auto parts on their store poster features a black male and white female counter clerks .
one of the most widespread examples of race mixing is your local and national news anchor teams , almost always a black male and white female .
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
trump you mean .
yes i am speaking about trump .
trump says he 's a white supremacist .
he does n't give a whit about anything but his own weak and insecure egomaniacal neurosis 's .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yh0jaxoxge 

 he 's an admitted eugenist .
his personal advisor is a neonazi white nationalist .
yeah , i 'm talking about that trump and his effeminate slob sidekick .
i was aware of clinton 's proclivities prior to his running for president .
where were you ?
i was aware of john f. kennedy 's shenanigans as a senator .
what were you reading ?
too many fags on this sub wtf
kill millions of jews
white people were so poorly educated back then , they used to call black people " those dirty negroes " all the time .
as they got better education , they learned what pleonasm was .
you 're kidding , right ?
go to any religious person and ask them what they think of killing gay people .
i would n't be surprised if half said it was okay to kill them and the other half said we need to " rehabilitate " them .
how is your girlfriend not like a hoover ?
a hoover sucks and swallows .
lol poor little mentally ill child you look so silly brain washed into wearing that silly burka ( and you 're inside even ) 😂 she has been indoctrinated into terrorism and sits there using photo shop to edit whiskers onto her face while wearing a hajib lolol
being hit by 9 pellets of 00 buckshot is like being hit by :
i like that you mentioned both barrack and dr carlson side by side to illustrate that anyone can succeed .
a rich spoiled white kid ( barrack ; he is just as much white ( 50 % ) as he is black , why do we keep calling him black ? ? ? )
with big banker big money grandparents can succeed just as much as a poor black kid from the inner city ( carlson ) .
you are correct !
no one 's asking for the haram to be turned halal , we just want the same rights do you see the difference or not ?
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
" not one islamic country across the globe has yet embraced constitutional democracy "   do you just make this stuff up on the fly ?
try pakistan , bangladesh , indonesia , malaysia , afghanistan , iran , iraq , turkey , etc .
you should inform yourself before posting so you do n't immediately lose all credibility .
she is a fucking white supremacist .
start in the mirror you fascist cooze .
carla n micael bolding wrote : " by the way , thank you for the compliment .
right wingers are dependable .
you can count on us not to be the one shooting a place up and mass killings . "
.
really ? ?
based on what evidence , " carla ? "
most of the mass shootings in the united states have been committed by white males - many of whom abused their domestic partners or other family members ?
care to provide some evidence , to support your claim , about the political leanings of the most recent crop of nut jobs who have shot people here in the u.s. ?
i wonder why the jewish media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all whitey 's fault ?
i fucking hate courtney & amp ; bryce from 13 reasons why like she is deadass trying to justify a rapist girl bye
and no more opioids or other pain killers .
use aspirin .
> some incels give a lot but get nothing back    and so should be rewarded with pussy ?
are you aware that said pussy is attached to a fully realized human being with the exact same natural rights to happiness as you ?
and that she does not deserve to be forced to have sex with anyone she finds undesirable ?
do you get that women have the same right to reject men that men have to reject women ?
how committed are you to the belief that women are holes , rather than human beings deserving of respect ?
this is for rachel you big fat white nasty smelling fat bitch why you took me off the motherfucking schedule with your trifling dirty white racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch
rt @adamweinstein : working theory : this " selective race " abortion ban passed in florida today was just an excuse for redneck reps to say ...
ahh .. the stupid speaks .
its not a fucking cultural thing you idiot !
its a necessity thing for the poor .
the toilets were sparse in the poor areas and they apparently did n't have a choice .
and it is fucking gross .
for everyone .
i grew up here and traveled around quiet a lot and never saw a " nice work clothes " wearing person pooping outside .
you need a fucking smack across your face to cleanse you of your ignorant prejudice .
educate your self moron .
< user > remorseful my lilly white ass 😡 😡 😡 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌
this .
want to help your so in exchange for sex instead of because you care about their well - being ?
fuck these guys
i hope you all are aware that i will definitely keep watching queer eye for the serotonin and faggotry right
" it just includes the care and maintenance of almost 7,000 nuclear weapons .
anybody with an ounce of common sense could run the place .
the last two heads of that department , by the way , were an mit nuclear physicist and a guy who won a nobel prize . "
so was the mit physicist experienced in care and maintenance of anything beyond his house ?
steven chu is an american physicist .
he is known for his research at bell labs and stanford university regarding the cooling and trapping of atoms with laser light , which won him the nobel prize .
what s that got to do with this task you refer too ?
political appointees , they come and go , it 's still the same people actually performing the job , so rest easy liz .
hurry up repubs , the wealthy need their tax breaks .
the problem with the vedic religion is that it mixed the slave mentality of asians with the religion of aryans the original white pagan religions which is where the vedas originated from have a completely different way of practising religion religion was taught to guide man not to worship gods
zuma is so compromised that everybody uses his name and jumps on the bank wagon .
surly there are people from european nations who would make better canadians than these people .
canada is not the health care system of the world .
this story could also be titled   ' let 's shame   white people " .
under these circumstances , these women will never   be truly independent , and so like natives ,   will forever have a grudge against canada they are being cheated .
congratulations modi and india !
respect from 🇨 🇦 💕
half white is still superior because how come every person i know who is half white is good at everything no matter about what other race is in um ..
what does spider - man and kevin spacey have in common ?
they deny who they really are yet always come out as the hero .
i 've been here before .
it 's an awesome experience and they love meeting other black people from outside the country .
they put forth a lot of effort in staying connected to their african ancestry and preserving their local culture ( they 're basically self governed ) .
definitely a recommended travel destination .
zekes a whole ass bitch
muzzeez do not like dogs blax hate whites blax love to harrass whites and play the ghetto lotto take your pick
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
i was watching different stokes and mrs garrett was wiggling her ears just right to instruct me how to make her pumpkin pie
hey there !
mexican - american , and i feel the same way about living here .
too american for my family and too mexican for the americans .
would love to get another perspective on this feeling .
keep her bent over , rip the shorts off and pull her hair while i gape her asshole
fact : tsonga women do n't cheat
i 'm so glad that after years of straight white men leading the mcu , we 're seeing women , lgbtq , people of color leading the biggest franchise in history url
but do n't worry noe they have a good reason to hire new cops and more increase revenue great idea .
how can you know someone intention whether they are real or not how can you just accuse them doing so in order to promote their products group or gaining publicity it is your heart that is stained by jealousy towards others suck it up faggots
... they are planned for and quite welcome on my property been seeing quite a few along w others ... they come in close on ya pretty fearless chuck yeager styled piloting ;)
so basically the problems that affect women are far more severe than what men face ?
@ilhanmn wrong we see you as american that served in military as anti american , anti israeli pro terrorists , that 's why i do n't like you !
i hate the assholes who do n't turn off there brights ... but then again i 'm the asshole
these low life racist bottom feeders have always been around in this country ( including here in little ol' liberal denver , where i still remember getting called the n - word by a white guy in a truck when i was just minding my own business as a passenger on my school bus) ... but there 's absolutely no way any sane , observant person ca n't help but notice that these incidents are increasing in frequency and virulence since trump began his rise last year .
his words and actions give comfort to racists and we 're going to see more of this before it ( hopefully ) gets better .
lets shit post this subreddit to death until the shit mods resign .
wind 19,4 km / h nw .
barometer 1014,5 hpa , falling slowly .
temperature 15,5 ° c .
rain today 0,0 mm .
humidity 60 %
men and their " relationships . "
bye acosta !
moving forward , victims should not have to choose between justice and restitution .
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
ah k white nationalism is perfect and infallible and you are a cuck faggot who takes it up the ass from blacks if you disagree in any way that seems to cover it
and when we , the united states of america under president george ( bozo ) bush went and bombed iraq over lies and deceit , the televised event was presented to the american citizens as a 4th of july expose .
people munched popcorn and cheered all the while forgetting that there were innocent people being blown up .
families murdered .
communities destroyed .
look at all the great white leaders in congress that tout their religion   and deny any help to underprivileged , non white human beings .
and wow !
now we've got trump to lead us to ........... ah ................ um .......... sob ........ silence
mfs think it cool they can talk shit about you on twitter but soon as you do it oh you a lame bitch grow up 😂 😂 😂 no bitch you grow up tf
the british empire robbed the palestinian land for the wandering jews
women on tinder : be creative , do n't just say hi also women on tinder : unmatched and blocked , i did n't like your creativity everyone on reddit : you 're an incel
macron is a butt fucker who will be thrown off the eiffel tower by his moslem overlords
i think a lot of our limits are too rigid in terms of queers but also just period i know a lot of pp that support alt right views that do not computer how do we scoop them in not kidding i help them do simple things like weather online
when ldaring becomes normal u know u have fcked up
burn him , and his family .
we do n't need such degenerate in our gene pool
@jundishes or a southern bitch like me who will blow a persons heart out of their back w / one shot ! ! ! !
the declining revenue is the only reason the nfl will reduce marxist / blm compliance .
you can not unring the bell good sirs .
penalties to remain for kneeling to god , btw .
destruction and violence are in store for the amish unless trump locks the refugee door permanently
knock knock .. who 's there ?
interrupting country concert .
interrupting country con .. (gunshot noises )
incels mostly do n't have good jobs therefore they can not run money game 
 this applies to me i have such a low paying office job so its pretty hard to make up for lack of social skills and being ugly
can i start by eating your ass before sliding my thick cock in your pretty pussy ?
😏 😉
wishing for a white wignat christmas 🎄
@richarlisonstan yea your cracker ass is nt allowed to say that to me on god , you will feel the consequences next time whitey
i know the white bitch is going to jail cuz she a woman but still lmaoo good riddance hoe
should i remind you and very other bigot here that dylann roof , a self - avowed white nationalist and supporter of the kkk , is not sorry for what he did .
he shot and killed 9 good black americans who had just bowed their heads and closed their eyes to pray .
then roof unloaded 77 bullets into them .
there 's your hate - born and raised white man .
wow , you must have gotten your oats from shanny as you do the same lib reversal of the truth .
eat your fill .
as the tin pot dictator in office as of now , tries to establish a caliphate in the us .
authoritarian is pc dim - bulb !
< user > < user > < user > you are right juanita hillary can not admit it but her husband raped dozens so in her mind groping is no big deal but it is
what do jessie j and christina grimmie have in common ?
bang bang .
i 'll bet that one in the red white & blue " bikini " fucks like a goddamn maniac .
we have to build a team capable of winning a trophy , just like the germans did in 2014,with tanko and his new team , i trust @braclemet
hopefully u show us how you would fuck a pussy if u were a man , you sexy sissy .
🤤 but i stay here thinking about that dick going in and out of my mouth and ass .
giving psychiatric pills is the wrong approach to treat these conditions – please see my other comments here .
studies have shown that when you treat the ‘ mind ’ of a patient ( provide social support , help the patient to have hope , teach practices that calm the mind such as mindfulness meditation , etc . ,
to prevent ruminating and worrying ) , healthy structural changes in the brain happen – that is , various mental activities bring about changes in the structure of the brain .
this happens through epigenetic and neuroplastic mechanisms .
a very recent study published in jama has shown a peer support program called “ the friendship bench ” resulted in greater benefits than standard care .
perhaps , these types of programs should be adopted by all counties .
do not feel sorry for him quote the jew york times < number > in promoting international terrorism friend to israel and the jews destruction of family values and the uplifting gay transsexual rights and other perverse sexual deviants the non stop promotion of white genocide and anti white bigotry
a wise white man once said as long as niggers hate each and never support their on we never have to fear them uniting and becoming independent bga bgtv facts
advance auto parts on their store poster features a black male and white female counter clerks .
one of the most widespread examples of race mixing is your local and national news anchor teams , almost always a black male and white female .
< user > but like starting your tweet with this white bitch with an excuse of curly hair like what good curly hair what the context wha
9 / n or people who were living without access to their benefits for months .
i ’m amazed with the level of understanding and patience .
kudos
it is a shame .
the former minor orders ( porter , exorcist , lector and acolyte ) were reserved to men preparing for priesthood .
they were received subsequent to tonsure , by which the candidate became a cleric .
reclaiming the ancient practice , the liturgical renewal intended to return to lay persons ministries that are proper to them .
the minor orders were suppressed and the ministries of lector and acolyte were established .
the intention was that persons would prepare for these ministries and then be formally and publicly instituted in them .
some dioceses were beginning to plan guidelines for selecting and training candidates .
at the last minute , a directive came from the vatican reserving these ministries to men .
since the ministries are still required steps for candidates for deacon and priest , the directive effectively re - clericalized ministries which are proper to both women and men .
there is no liturgical or theological reason for the directive ; it is rooted in fear .
it is a shame .
go fuck yourself stupid white fuck .
i was being nice to you .
this happens every fucking time qith you whites .
if i knew you in real life i would kick your goddamn teeth in i do n't have a single fucking.thing to lose .
i do n't give a fuck about my life , i give a fuck about the other blacl people who you stupid fucks always try and hold down .
shoot your fucking self cunt .
this is true but the article is referencing obama care .
clumpcake being racist to asians what new 🤭 🤭
predictions : neville , stroman , enzo / cass , corbin , charlotte , naomi , miz / maryse , styles , rollins , bray , owens , taker , lesnar # wrestlemania
are white people allowed to have their own countries should asians be able to move to any white nation they like and open pho shops and nail salons
you conservatis bragg about libtards and they about you turdbacks so much you do not see both want freedom and unity get the fuckin mind on that unity < user > you sir can make a difference free people from surpression and fear of nuclear holocaust do it now
you get to expel one group of people from america 

 choose wisely
and this explains why religious people are just as evil , if not more evil , than non - religious people .
my gf is getting a furry tattoo
do these sick fucks just sit around with a jug of acid waiting for a woman to piss them off ?
they should be waterboarded with acid , eye for an eye , right ? ? ? ?
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
deport the rag heads like omahr and her people that are only in our country to destroy it .. we need to look at there background whether they were born here or not .. radical is radical .
it 's funny when my family assumes that i can actually attract women 
 like when i 'm out with them and they tell me i should approach a girl or something 

 top kek
well said .
and let 's not forget that we can rigorously protect the rights of free speech for hate groups while opposing and avoiding violence and inciting violence .
and also , perhaps more important , that our leaders can openly oppose , and expose , hate groups for what they are .
the constitution protects their speech but does n't force us to listen to them , or pay attention to them .
the problem we have today , all of a sudden , is people in power who like white supremacy and racism .
that 's not a constitutional flaw ; it 's stupidity in the vote .
wow i 'd love to shove my cock in between them and titty fuck you !
justintrudeau your another fool take in the muslim immigrants they will take over canada kill you your family they despise you read their history sharia law sex with animals child brides marryoff one of your girls justin
zachary is gon na be upset when he comes home and sees the banister is n't attached to the wall ... @ze_hi_nee
waha well according to his dog hitler was nt such a bad guy 😂 😂 😂 😂 so mebbe the nazi ai nt to bad either they ca nt be as fascist as the libtards really they ca nt lulz
what do you call a white girl who ’s faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin
what do you call a < number > year old white girl who 's a virgin ?
an only child .
moral of the story niggas be lying
also not a great time to date or engage in new romantic relationships .
hold your itch for two more weeks and then you can go ham
i love me a pretty bitch .
they suck that dick with such grace and elegance 😩 ❤ ️ 💦 💦 get you one ! !
watch me nutt down her throat 😬 url url url
why is it always a strawman when racist activities of minorities are brought up ?
there is almost always a big deal when a cop kills a unarmed black kid .
should not the same ruckus be kicked up for killing a white kid ?
or do not white lives matter ?
and no , this is not to support the group of the same name .
this is to show the hypocrisy of   the left when they get upset at the term " all lives matter " .
tin foil on sale at canadian tire right now .
stock up !
forreal i 'm so bad at putting myself first sometimes like i want other people to be happy idc about my feelings lmfao
you do n't understand the things i would do for a waffle house right now .
@realdonaldtrump a lot of bad things happening in the us .
a president putting people in cages , saying we should " send back " people of different color , much ...
thank you .
you are the first to explain successfully and clearly what cardinal burke and the guys mean when they talk about " complementarity . "
bill clinton raped multiple women and lied under oath not a single democrat voted to remove him from office we refuse to accept their claimed moral authority and we will vote in our own interests as we see fit regardless of what lies the washington post chooses to print
the real reason for kamala harris ' hypocrisy is n't stupidity , perhaps cruelty is a partial explanation , but the real reason for her hate for joe arpaio is that he is a white man who refused to bow to pressure to uphold immigration law .
kamala and her marxist allies want uncontrolled , unlimited immigration from mexico and elsewhere because it would accomplish two wet dreams for the commies : ensure future electoral invincibility for the marxists , and ensuring that whites are a minority in america as quickly as possible .
the latter point has been something that they do n't hide , but have been openly looking forward to and celebrating for decades .
bill clinton mused to an interviewer on how wonderful that will be 20 + years ago .
harris and all the rest of her radical marxist allies hate you and want you dead unless you are a member of a group approved by the totalitarian , marxist new world soytopia .
hetero white males are not on that list , and will cease to exist if these scum win this war .
rt carlosphoenix to p50 fans ariana grande
yeah take them away homeless white britons move them to backalleys nigger ghetto wedding is coming to town complete with dreadlocks rap and initiation ceremony out of voodoo manuals sign the petition britfam let them know you do not want trashy hood rat stripper awarded with titles
a lot of asians .
i want an indian american who contributes on the $ 50 bill .
if harriet on the $ 20 , then you ca n't forget the rest of us .
minorities do nt matter to them they re safe
it 's the official lightskin anthem
hate white bitches
i 've made $ 64,000 so far this year working online and i 'm a full time student .
i m using an online business opportunity i heard about and i 've made such great money .
it 's really user friendly and i 'm just so happy that i found out about it .
heres what i do , 

 ------------- > > > > > www.worknow88.com
we do nt know how many blacks in america voted for trump but we do know many did , just as many women and gays did too .
the problem is that they ca n't come out and say so .
putting a trump sign on a lawn would have been   dangerous in ferguson .
for black republicans , their homes would be burned ,    their cars vandalized , and they would be beaten in the streets    by angry black thugs if they made their opinions known .
in   a twist of perverted modern racism , those black voters are now labelled white , and racists too .
do you people condemn reverse discrimination ?
the .
white 's just did what every other race   has done .
so it 's wrong because there white ?
how many people have been hurt or killed in other racial riots threw out time ?
i think we should have a white only college fund   !
do n't you all ?
that way the negro college fund would n't be racist !
it 's about time the white race quit bowing down to all others why in hell should they !
all is fair you people cry for equality well let 's be fair with the white race also !
it is not that they are complaining as much as how they are complaining and about what .
there is no rise in shootings of blacks by police .
they have created a false straw - man to justify insulting a heritage many hold dear .
they are free to demonstrate the ' deeply held beliefs ' on their own time .
or actually use some of their huge salaries to better publicize their discontents .
metal militia you really want our country to be white again , do you , white trash ? !
i find little ' good governance ' in the democratic party in oregon .
the current $ 75 million medicaid debacle is only the malfeasance of the day resting on years of the same .
non - existent bridges , ( $ 300 million ) multiple non - existent computer systems ( $ 300 million ) --the short list only covering this century is lengthy .
and who can forget the growth of pers !
my most memorable video on the hillary side is her barking like a dog !
i especially like the one where somebody looped the audio and video !
she looked and sounded so natural !
well , that and the excerpts from her wall street speeches where she acknowledged having one position behind closed doors ( where she was being paid ) and the public position(s ) needed to get elected .
that was one of those wikileaks !
not denied ; just deflected .
it does n't do airplay .
do not want .
you prove churches have all the nut cases christians muslims does not matter , you prove all the psychopath and liars are at police stations and government buildings
daddy receives hot love from black dad ... many times ... in front an audience .
url
trudeau still committed to taxing us out of work , there i fixed the headline
blacks are only < number > of the u.s .
population therefore black millionaires and billionaires like oprah samuel l jackson colin kaepernick and countless others confirm my point white america made these blacks extremely wealthy and yet sadly most millennial blacks believe the left lie that their opportunities for success are limited
why do people always run over a of piece string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner , then reach down , pick it up , examine it , then put it down to give their vacuum one more chance ?
fag hole on display url
predictions : neville , stroman , enzo / cass , corbin , charlotte , naomi , miz / maryse , styles , rollins , bray , owens , taker , lesnar # wrestlemania
it supposed to attract female fans they already have a lock on men so they do not need outreach but yeah it gay and retarded
each of these jets would produce tens of millions of tons of co2 over its lifetime , tens of billions of kilograms .
pound for pound , these are the worst polluters in the world .
it 's strange that as soon as its bombardier , that does n't matter anymore for trudeau . "
but people will fly anyway ... " wait , why was it that the oil sands had to stay in the ground again ?
and look at the bombardier board : all white , 80 % men .
how can trudeau support a company that is misogynist and apparently racist ?
is there really no minority person in canada that is fit to sit on that board ?
white male pms gives billions in taxpayer dollars ( in " loans " ) to white male owned and white male directed corporation .
shame on trudeau .
why do white people eat tofu ?
because its not black
< user > < user > < user > < user > ⬆ ️ is not m ichael g oguen looking at using crispr to eliminate autism 🤔 $ $ white nationalists
all you so called jewish people and asians you actually white supremes
i have a suggestion for all white people that hate white people offer yourselves up as donors for heart transplants put an end to your miserable white life and save a dying muslim that way you can feel good about surrendering your life for a cause you love
war is not violence and killing pure and simple war is controlled violence for a purpose robert heinlein
juz had a cravin fo sum ghetto lobstah but coonent waid ta cook it up raht an sheeit
there 's a lot of racist dickheads on reddit
manchester put your mudshark and bombfugees into perspective that attack that left < number > dead is really your bomb you have fought us brining the problems to the fore you have more blood on your hands this pic upset you tho
first save your white bitches from sucking so many black cocks and giving birth to mixed babies i am not the one threatening your existence you retarded degenerate
lol still thinking about the nazi hunter busting out the long swords after like two days of quarantine this shit is gon na get wild
rt @obeyyreggie : stfu hoe rt & # 8220;@tedddydgaf : " i 'm proud to be african american " 
 - proud african american 

 " i 'm proud to be white " 
 - racist 
 & # 8230 ;
give me a break .
in corporations , being a white male puts you behind women and minorities for opportunities .
hence the trump backlash
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
education reform is not a democrat or republican issue .
knowledgeable voters of both parties reject that policy .
yes , many of us were sleeping at the wheel in 2013 and again in 2015 .
for the most part , jeffco voters have not really put their money where their mouths are .
i heard many lame excuses for not supporting the tax increase which amount to the district leadership doing a poor job of communicating the urgency for the mill and bond increase .
we have a new superintendent who reaches out to all members of the community .
it 's just arab shit .
whites are depigmented arabs .
as such , everything they do must be justified religiously , islam and christianity are the same shit .
they can not into reality .
this also reflects in so called " liberal " values .
they religiously love things like " freedom " and " animals " without even realizing their relationship to these things , and why their claimed espousal actually makes no sense ( not to mention that they 're often blatantly hypocritical when the shoe is on their foot )
sana bol i love you sid i hate you uska opposite sidharth sneaky shukla sidnaazforever < user > < user >
what you fail to note is that climate scientists have also warned for more than 20 yrs   that rainfall all over the world would be much heavier and in much greater amounts due to the warming of the waters that causes increased   evaporation that falls as very heavy & prodigious rain .
when we experience a 100 yr event ( katrina ) , a 500 yr event ( sandy ) and an 800 yr event(harvey ) in the space of 12 yrs perhaps you should take notice .
btw , pakistan & bangladesh is now experiencing such heavy rains & flooding that more than 1200 people have died and 41 million have been adversely affected .
time to take off your political hat and switch to your logical hat , if you have one .
but those motherfuckers that beat that retarded white boy are a o fucking kay right sorry i just fucking loathe hypocrisy
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba
yeah agreed totally different to genuine sub saharan refugees who are mainly christian
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
i hope white people are waking up and realizing black professional athletes do n't like you !
whites and asians breeding with blacks is dysgenic take a look at brazil
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
gt raped by light < user > < user >
in an act of clemency , the judge allowed mr. lawrence to take his vaseline to prison with him .
i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i
< percent > kike move
you ca n't hide behind your church , religion , service , anointing , etc .
it does n't matter what you 're a part of/ what you have if you 're not healed and living life as the light of jesus .
black lives matter means just that ... that black lives do , indeed , matter .
why is that even controversial to you ?
you think they do n't matter ?
the name was derived because 400 years of white supremacist anti - black behavior by a large swath of the majority white america has proven without a shadow of a doubt that many do not value black lives .
3/5ths clause for starters .
current neo - nazi and klan rallies for current perspective .
if you do n't see racism , you have the luxury of not having to pay attention to it .
black americans do n't have that luxury .
how ironic that on a thread about trump caping for the kkk and neo - nazis , your take - away is how " racist " the simple , straightforward non - exclusionary phrase , " black lives matter " is .
it does n't state that ' black lives matter more ' .
or ' only black lives matter ' .
nope , just " black lives matter " .
eliminating the concept of race is a nice goal for the future , but not feasible when racism is so prevalent .
i remind you we have a nazi problem .
it will be great when all the boons over take all starbucks and ghetto ize them driving the white yuppie shitheads away
yay , bisexuals of reddit unite 😊 !
and i think quiltbag is funny to say haha
wonderful strong , powerful women in conversation ab albrechtsen from @planglobal and @winnie_byanyima from @oxfam talking about the power of girls ' education for the individual and for society at @womendeliver # girlseducation # womendeliver # education # dkaid # sdg4 # uddpol url
the four cardinals are like pharisees confronting the christ to try to trip him up .
while i would have also preferred that post - marital marriage not be defined as adultery in some situations , at least for the person harmed in the original marriage ( the perpetrator should never be allowed to marry again unless given permission by the former spouse ) , putting into formal direction what happens in most of the church anyway is at least a step in the right direction .
while it would be petty of francis to discipline the offensive cardinals , warning the register and ewtn about their tendency to cooperate with scandal ( as the other ncr was warned by benedict , as well as america ) would be poetic justice indeed .
the fact is that , as non - pastors , they have no stake in this issue , while as a divorced man , i do have such a stake .
i am writing an answer to their questions and will post it shortly , since my rank as a retired catholic guy is the same as theirs .
" almost have weapons of mass destruction " .
yeah , right .
if saddam had a nuclear weapon and a means to deliver it anywhere in the middle east you can bet we would n't have invaded .
faggots still stan the fuck out of kim petras and it so fucking disgusting what worse is they use her as an excuse to love the trans community she a demon and the white devil if you still like her fuck off
strong , firm parents who bring up their children with values are a good breeding ground for future leaders .
hello !
caldwell is running for mayor , not carlisle .
carlisle had a very short stint at city hall .
it 's a known factor that mufi hannemann never left the city because he had kirk caldwell to carry on the " legacy " .
the only exception is the rail ; many seems to be distancing themselves from this fiscal fiasco .
what do you call a white girl that can run faster than her brothers ?
a redneck virgin
what 's gon na change on the repubs agenda .
they 've been doing nothing for 8 yrs , what 's 4 more gon na matter .
do nothing repub congress ,   all preachy and wanna get into women 's vaginas & reproductive rights .
while your base of ol white guys die off what 's plan b for 2020 .
alaska 's legislative process is failing the citizens of alaska .
maybe a unicameral legislature that meets every other year in anchorage would work more efficiently and cost a lot less ?
" @defencepk this is called " " child labour " " you idiots ! ! ! & #
128530 ; "
nobody : literally no one : james : that was rude and homophobic ! ! !
narcissistic personality disorder mother in law pronouning me on the phone to her own daughter .
it 's been 12 years .
what 's she up to ?
cringeanarchy users using alt accounts to become approved submitters here
congratulations to anwar zeb khan # pk100 and ajmal khan # pk101 on their winning of the provincial seats .
may allah al mighty give them strength to serve the people of bajaur .
ameen .
url
how do black people lose their virginity ?
a herd of zebras .
how do white people lose their virginity ?
first communion .

this is for rachel you big fat white nasty smelling fat btch y u took me off the motherfcking schedule with ur trifling dirty white racist ass u big fat btch oompa loompa body ass btch i 'm coming outside and i 'm going to beat the fck out of u btch and do n't even call the police url
italy tired of afrikas and muslim migrations start sending back them to their own world 👍
i believe its on liberalfascists.com .
today ?
they were " racist images that included nooses drawn around the necks of a black student and coach . "
try posting them at work , along with your comment that you like them , and see how quickly you 're out the door .
people are responsible for what they say and do , whether it 's by actions , pictures or words .
it 's not new , and it 's not surprising .
men will literally follow me , try to fuck , all while having a girlfriend , then get rejected , and unfollow .
i just-
um -- as tundramoss points out , if a lone muslim had gone into a church and shot nine people to death , the right wing noise machine would label it terrorism .
but when a   white supremacist   does , it 's not .
if you want to know how many acts of terrorism around the world have been committed by by non - whites in the last two years , do the research yourself .
after all , you 're the one who asked the question .
we 'll wait .
trump only gets upset if the attacker is not caucasian , or a white supremacist .
the history is there .
it 's easy to see .
he just wants to boost his racist base , and politicize these events by non - caucasians in order to pass his racist agenda .
fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
any girl that dresses like that is fake .
looks like a bitch
< user > where was your outrage when naz shah tweeted that white girls raped and abused by muslim grooming gangs should shut up for the sake of diversity
will you meet with the congressional black caucus ryan asked trump responded i would you want to set up the meeting are they friends of yours black activists complain that trump assumes nigger ryan knows nigger caucus members he did not assume he asked if they were her friends
all of our lawmakers in this state need to stop passing laws immediately !
take a break for a minute and do what you 're supposed to do ; run our cities , counties , and the state .
we have major cost overruns everywhere , threats of increased taxes around every corner , but instead they 've decided they are god and can save everyone through legislation .
give it a rest and do the job we elected you to do ! ! !
if an uninformed person were to watch american tevision black people would appear to represent half the population while latinos asians and native americans would represent < number > this is a lie
because his mother told us he was a trump supporter .
did n't you read the article ?
great .
a real man assaulting women .
what a guy
my nephew went into the navy and was trained to work with nuclear reactors .
today he makes about $ 150,000 a year .
' just fine ' yep .
go down in history .
so fine .
if it been done i am unaware of it i have always wondered what would happen if a gay person called up a mohammedan baker and requested a cake be made
why do people always say " if she not girl right i beat her up alr sia " you not fucking pussy you just beat up the person regardless of gender la cb kia
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for sanfrancisco , usca for now ( 09h58m01s ut ): 18 ° 04'29.8 '' # capricorn ( ac ) / 10 ° 26'31.7 '' # scorpio ( mc )
< user > not tryna be that dude but illegal european immigrants can have this happen too
i could not disagree with you more .
we do not need the typical politician discussing what was talked about .
i want somebody outside of the normalcy of diplomacy talking .
it appears this was a very positive meeting and unfortunately , you want to put a spin on the outcome just like the media .
your analysis is what you are , bs >
if rule of law still existed we would not have illegal immigrants screeching insults at us on the television knowing they are untouchable brimelow
< user > bernardo is just a white honky
⁠why do wh*te people like to play hockey ?
it ’s the only other way to beat something black up if they ’re not a cop .
people care more about violence against animals then they do children
black people shoot up heroin white people shoot up schools .
hahahaha cops changing tactics in the ghetto
white genocide
actually yes there were irish slaves in america mostly women and girls who were allowed to work in the manors as opposed to the fields they were also forced to have sex with the negro slaves this is why many african americans today have irish or english scottish blood in them
snow nigger albino chimping out
a party with the single message " we hate whites " is going to be extinguished as a party very soon .
one million blunts and i am back to the curb young white trash came back for the serve
taylor swift is a whore who went through a lot of men worked with jewish producers dated jew jake gyllenhaal had nigger background dancers and made love songs with shitskins she promotes drinking promiscuity racemixing and she must die for this paid too little attention to realize till now
< user > looks like in front of prince station the wall just been cleaned here was full of white flowers from citizens to memories the death on 3 1 th august on the ground the yellow papers are fake money given to the dead the two big boards written who kills should die do more study rt
if they are not white they have to go back start with those on social security pensions
lizzy acker is another lefty nut job looking for something to be offended by .
she would fit in well with all the " white hipster faux guilt " types here in pdx . (
yes , i stole the hipster line from a facebook poster )   perfect fit for this story .
# yourodds brentford v leeds , leeds to win , over 2.5 goals over 9 corners and over 2 cards in the match @williamhill
i avoid it shithole thanks to illegals they have pretty much forced blacks from there due to racial violence
funny , this article is open to all readers yet the articles about trudeau and morneau 's refusal to answer questions about their steps to avoid canadian taxes on their fortunes is only for subscribers .
why ?
g&m agenda ?
these three teams are making baseball a lot of fun this year ; i appreciate the talent and it is very exciting .
care to comment on the colorado theatre shooting ?
oh no , just a boring ol' white american .
nothing to see there .
let 's get back to the comparatively minuscule amount of immigrant crime and shine a big orange light on that .
did n't justin discuss terrorism at the g20 summit in hamburg?what was his contribution to the discussion?just give $ 10.5 million to a convicted killer , enemy of the state and al - qaeda sympathizer because of what?he was put in solitary confinement and deprived of sleep?2019 ca n't come soon enough .
who 's more likely to cause a school shooting , the black kid or the white kid ?
the white kid , because you 'll never find a black kid at a school .
" and he saith unto them , follow me , and i will make you fishers of men . "
~matthew 4:19 # jesus # bible # faith
which student in the universe has the most absents on record at sunday school ?
jesus christ , i do n't know him .
you are the epitome of a fucking moron , please do n't ever procreate .
a comprehensive list of things i enjoy 
 * porn 
 * self - harm
so socialism only applies to the members of identity politics and not all people .
thank you for clarifying that point .
hey i just moved here and do nt know anyone yet ... so if anyone lives around here i d like meet ya and hang out or something .
several reasons much raghead money invested in our bought politicians and businesses wasps represent the single and last group that openly and vociferously opposes the globalist communist agenda we have a weakness whereby we want to see the good in anyone even after they have shown there is none
@passiontwist you are fucked up fucking white trash
the pot calling the kettle black ! ?
and when when will the black community be held responsible for anything ?
a little kid was murdered by gang bangers and they still could n't get the community to cooperate .
the police chief is black , but it still must be all those racist white cops holding them all back from their utopian community ?
triple h lolks like a fucking beast driving that . #
wrestlemania
i see you 've never navigated outside of your little bubble .
also , the last time someone caused injury or death in oregon due to siri giving directions was .... when ?
i 'll wait while you frantically google an answer , but i 'm sure it 'll be wasted time as you 'll fail to respond with a real instance .
it 's a solution in search of a problem .
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
da skier , are you an american citizen or an illegal ?
a detailed answer is required .
it is your homework because people who spread such fear and paranoia are making our country weaker .
no tiny slap on the wrist for you unless you can prove your plans and capabilities are truly patriotic .
there is no story if everybody agrees .
keep in mind that the protesters do n't have to worry about real jobs or doing anything constructive .
the welfare cheques still come and life is good .
ol bill could get desperate and offing hillary is his best option give the nasty old commie bitch a nail gun lobotomy
i think that 's a simplified definition of the term though .
if i 'm not mistaken feminism assumes that inequality of the sexes is down to patriarchy , and if you do nt believe that but still bepieve in equality then it would be innappropriate to call yourself feminist .
thank you for sharing , sorry this thread got a little " clumsy " with unnecessary banter .
i 'm an atheist , but i can not neglect the cumulative religious experience of the vast majority of the world 's populace .
merely because i do not believe , does not dictate that i can not understand or appreciate what other 's hold dear .
the jews biggest weapon is money take there shit and they will go back to hell where they belong 🔥
yes , far be it for these girls or anyone to expect consistency or a rational explanation for this from the us government .
issue is not just islam non white immigration is an issue as whole non moslem black brown is as vile and violent rapist thieff thug as moslem ones are only difference is they do not engage in terror attacks yet issue is racial non whites have no place in white lands period
what they taught us , man them bad bitches only want the ballers , the starters .. we hoopin now the hoes wanna guard us ..
legal to call for the death of all white men illegal to joke about football players legal to kick white women in the head while yelling kill the white slag as long as you re muslim the turkish diversity officer was freed and charges dropped later on judge said it was nt offensive
america is gay
lolllll local news just used the phrase " cyber hackers " .
thank you for the clarification ; i assumed you meant lumberjacks .
i mean , if you were an anime studio , and you had the opportunity for a live action remake , would you want some japanese actor , or s big name actor like scarlet johansson ?
let 's be honest , 75 % of the reason people watched it was because of her , she brings attention to her movies .
if she was replaced by some no name white actor , maybe you have a point , but come on , it 's about the movie wanting to be successful , why would n't you choose scarlet to play your role ?
why did historians chose the name holocaust , meaning animal sacrifice in greek , for the genocide of jews in nazi germany ?
animal sacrifices were offered so the gods would give prosperity to the people and ward off evil spirits , hitler sacrificed < number > million jews so that germany could become a prosperous world power and protect itself from the evil of international usurers . (
got me banned from / r / jokes ; sadly most people would rather suck a kike 's dicks than kill a fucking demon .
good riddance , white people deserve the " white genocide " because it 's white suicide , they are begging for their own people and culture to be enslaved and exterminated because they bend over for anyone with dark skin or earlocks .
i have no faith in white people . )
wow this guy is seriously retarded he considers racist socialism to be hate speech when practiced by black people but it ok if it done by white people this is so dumb i am tempted to say this thing is subhuman and witnout any valid claims to rights
a sheriff down south gets a report about a dead body .
< repeat > .
< repeat > e goes down to the river and sees a black guy floating in the water .
the crew pulls him to the shore and notices he 's bound with chains , has a slit throat , shot twice in the face and chest .
the sheriff takes a closer look and says to himself .
< repeat > " this is the worst case of suicide i have ever seen "
my ancestors sailed away from europe to spread seed and get away from jezabel white demon skanks like merkel .
well in the case of white supremacists , you are talking about a fever swamp of domestic terrorism , so having a sitting president who is trying not to alienate them , as well as inviting scum like bannon , gorka and miller into the wh is a very big concern .
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for sanfrancisco , usca for now ( 09h58m01s ut ): 18 ° 04'29.8 '' # capricorn ( ac ) / 10 ° 26'31.7 '' # scorpio ( mc )
send your skanky wife back !
white people in south africa celebrate white history month once a year and for < number > days they are nt raped and murdered by blacks okay i am making that up of course they do not have a white history month they also never get a break from being raped and murdered
let 's all suppose all eleven million plus were deported .
are you going to do all the work they do that keeps our economy going ?
i doubt it .
seeing attractive naked women , whether they are real or drawn , makes me sad 
 but i ca n't stop looking
tell us about yourself < number > pilandok < number > single single double double < number > johnny johnny yes papa < number > < number > < number > twitter < number > a oh crush para may clue ka na < number > tip < number > ching chong daw sabi ng teacher ko eh < number > alaws < number > alaws pa < number > irresponsible < date > < number > friends and family
hey i jus wanted to invite u to suck my dick .. ok cool suck it easy bitch
ah , poor white guy .
i am white and it has been great .
it is like i am a v.i.p. citizen .
why do n't you write a book telling black people how to protest ?
i bet that would go over al ost as well as your cable tv idea .
triggered snowflakes melting all over .
i usually get a little laugh when people instantly call new pokémon characters lesbians , but let 's be real here , this one makes a ton of sense i agree with this one
i 'd like to thank the young man who led the police on a low speed chase that increased my commute by 30 min .
in person .
no cameras .
the number of cookies i 'll be making today is just slightly higher than the number of cookies i 'll be eating today .
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
wish you were fucking my mouth and ass with your hot cock
why seems so many nei government lifers surnamed something - hyphen - oakland ? ?
nra - check .
remember back in 1967 ?
" the national rifle association , which in 1967 supported the repeal of california 's open - carry law when members of the black panther party began carrying legally purchased firearms , said gun control " will do nothing " to stop gun violence , and then urged congress to allow gun owners to carry concealed weapons across state lines ; and at least 64 members of congress who 've accepted campaign contributions from the nra announced that they would pray for the victims in las vegas , including a representative who said gun control was " not the answer " and who once spoke at an international white - supremacist conference , authored a bill banning gay marriage in louisiana , and was , after being shot by a 66 - year - old white man , defended by a black female police officer who is married to a woman , a demographic in the united states that is a hundred times more likely to be shot and killed by a man than to use a gun for self - defense . " [
joe kloc , harper 's ]
what are you using as a stereotype ?
if that was a photo of a white male you would not have said what you said it , admit it .
you looked at the photo and saw that he was black and decided he was associated with a gang .
i do n't know who you are trying to fool but it 's not me .
intolerant dem ?
seriously ?
overwhelmingly democrats are more inclusive in their platform and policies .
what , are we not inclusive because we do n't tolerate hate speech from conservatives , the alt - right nazis and white privileged men who are completely clueless ?
yeah i 'll own that then i guess .
< user > i drove all white model < number > home yesterday kids are thrilled us too
" rt @skyiarkodom : @1111994 _ we need a name for it i vote we call it " " the trancendental reality - the downright fucking transcendence of jeni … "
< user > ain ’ t nothing ghetto about it who told y ’ all white folks only own guns to hunt y ’ all love giving them civilized credit
that 's not the real comment you facking nagger fagget
always bet on the sex weirdos that are rlm fans : ​   [ url
lmao the men are trash
no white person should ever work for any jew not ever for any reason
you get to expel one group of people from america 

 choose wisely
you all hoes get drunk and just start being friendly with anybody like girl back up before i take your bottle then bat you down
ever heard of gender dysphoria
why are they destroying the hard drives in the middle of the night before there is even a chance for a recount they keep every record of every retarded little thing but all the votes have to be destroyed in the middle of the night
i am going to build you a brother fuck the sandniggers the arabs are pigs and here you are defending them these arabs are the ones raping your precious europeans but let not blame the muslims cuz muh zionists in israel did this bitch you are a cuck
if i so happen to post a rap song it wo n't be from a mainstream rap artist just wanted to clear that up also
yes , larry .
you have complete contempt for actual facts .
reagan started supporting republicans , not in " 1962 , " a six year error , but in 1950 , an 18 - year actuality , when he supported the trickster for senate .
are you contending that all those school shooter lunatics who have been so helpfully aided by the nra are " paragons of law abiding citizens ? "
the panthers had n't carried " fully loaded " ( or partially loaded , i suppose ) firearms often before their famous visit to the ca state capitol .
many were limited capacity shotguns , in fact .
most of the blue dogs were not gone by 2000 .
i gave you an actual list .
there were eight .
are you dense ?
one blue dog became a republican after he left office and joined the bush ii administration .
in fact , a member whom i had a major part in getting elected in 2006 was rejected for membership because they had reached their limit .
mark twain was right when he said , " faith is believing what you know ai n't so , " larry .
+ hiiamfin it is when we have instant knowledge at the tips of our fingers and these life hating anti women terrorists ignore it .
lol trump is a fascist trump proves that he himself is a fascist with his every aktion word just look at his muslim ban not good
ugly commie bull dyke cunt
i think antifa blm and the rest of the culturalmarxists that use violence to shut down people exercising the 1 stamendment really take advantage of the fact that we do not stoop to their level we need creative ways to counter though minus the violence
girls will stay in a bad situation just to prove a point to the next bitch even go as far as having a baby 😭 sis you the miserable one not her 😂 😂
this is a horrifying thread .
skin color is not what defines us .
but if you hate someone due to the color of their skin , it certainly defines you .
i hope all of us who feel otherwise will stand up against racist rhetoric and actions .
hey reekydo , if you ca n't say it right , why say it ?
alibaba / jack ma : got ta love a guy who beat meg whitman 's albino ass back to the us .
freakin ' commie genius .
a fucking squirrel got into our apartment a while ago .
i had no idea squirrel 's could growl until i had to chase it outta here with a broom .
i snatched my friend 's inhaler as a joke it must 've been pretty funny to him since he 's breathless , rolling on the floor .
most vietnam war veterans , never talked about being spit on , and being verbally abused .
i was spit on , in oakland , california .
because it was not written or pictured , does that mean it never happened ?
i m really a pretty bitch
pink can be a boy color too
whites wo n't exist in canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving canada to become a large ghetto
this is the closest we 'll get to normies admitting to being blackpilled .
i 'm white , come at me you fucking troglodytes .
i do n't care if your a muslim , christian , or jew or what religion affiliation you might be if you love the united states of america let 's come together united and unleash the greatest awakening the world has ever seen # unleashthegreatawakening
